Dwight: Jim, come on! That's so juvenile! What the- [opens drawer full of meatballs]n
Stanley: You've been meatballed! [laughs]n
Dwight: Ugh.n
Stanley: Are you ready for some meatball?n
Dwight: Aw, man. [Stanley laughs] This is not very clever, Jim.n
Jim: I know.n
Stanley: Look for your stapler!n
Stanley: [to Phyllis] Oh okay. Good night. [climbs in to Dwight's car] What's the haul?n
Dwight: Thirty-two meatballs.n
Dwight: That idiot's been feeding us for a week.n
Erin: I will patch you through right now. You sound really pretty today. Okay.n
Jim: [Robert is looking at pictures of a house online] Whoa, looks pretty nice. Got a little bit of a Shining vibe, though.n
Oscar: Oh, who needs a house that size?n
Dwight: Big. Stupid. Pure chump bait.n
Robert: I'm selling the house, actually.n
Jim: You know, there's a glare from over here... oh wow, that's magnificent.n
Robert: It's mid-recession in a depressed area of a faltering state and I've got the most expensive house on the market. The one percent are suffering too, people. I wanted it to be my Playboy mansion. A temple to wine, revelry, sex, intrigue... this was hot on the heels of Eyes Wide Shut, mind you. Then I met my wife, she moved in, made it her own. Now she's left me and forced me to sell the place. The ultimate insult? They're calling my speakeasy lounge a rumpus room. [Jim laughs] Does my turmoil amuse you, Jim?n
Jim: I'm sorry, I thought you were making a joke.n
Robert: What could you possibly have found funny in what I said? What was the joke you thought you heard?n
Jim: I guess I thought you were approaching it with more of a sarcasm than misery. Kind of laughing at your own pain, sad clown thing.n
Robert: Oh yes. How hilarious it is to laugh at clowns, the painted jesters of the dying circus industry. Very funny, Jim. I get it.n
Andy: Um, I'm getting reports of a serious outbreak of the grumpies in here.n
Robert: A beautiful monster cost me my forties and my dream home. I think I'm entitled to the occasional bad day.n
Andy: Well, please tell Susan we all say hi.n
Kevin: Dude, what if, since you're feeling grumpy, we all swing by tonight and check out your indoor pool? [Robert laughs]n
Oscar: Kevin, no.n
Robert: What, as some sort of last hoorah?n
Kevin: Yeah. All of us in the pool, saying hoorah. Maybe the last one that says hoorah is it.n
Robert: You know I suppose someone should enjoy the place before I hand it over to the staging experts at Remax tomorrow.  Let's try this: everyone, tonight, my house, wear a swimsuit. Let's just call it a get-together. And let's say no food.n
Kevin: Hey Oscar, was that you who just created a party out of thin air or was it me?n
Oscar: That was you, Kevin.n
Meredith: You going tonight, kiddo? Cause I can give you a lift.n
Erin: Oh, I don't know, Meredith. It seems like you shouldn't drive maybe ever.n
Meredith: It's no problem. You live right near me.n
Erin: How do you know where I live?n
Meredith: Andy followed you home after the Christmas party.n
Erin: Why?n
Meredith: He wanted to make sure California didn't put it in you.n
Angela: [sticks a hand in the pool] Oh, it is warm.n
Cathy: It's almost too warm.n
Gabe: I'm feeling eighty-two, eighty-two and a half.n
Ryan: Oh, so close. Eighty-one.n
Gabe: [to Cathy] Well, we'll say its eight-two and it'll be our secret.n
Cathy: [to Jim] Hey, late guy.n
Jim: Hey. Wow. Just stopping by. Got another party to go to. A wife and two kids at home party.n
Andy: Oh.n
Jim: Robert, just wanted to grab you one second. This place is amazing, by the way.n
Robert: You should see the whole thing.n
Jim: I bet I should. [takes cell phone photo] That's beautiful, I'm going to email that to you.n
Robert: I'm just about to give the tour.n
Jim: All right-n
Robert: Join us. You must see what you were laughing about.n
Jessica: [looks at pool] Wow.n
Andy: [hides ring] Yeah, it's pretty serious poolage.n
Jessica: [sees Andy's hand in his pocket] What are you doing?n
Andy: Hmm? Flicking a bug off my wiener. [they both laugh]n
Jessica: Gross. I'm getting a drink. Do you want anything?n
Andy: No, I'm good.n
Erin: [runs to Andy] Funny how we can be surrounded by people and still feel so lonely. Hi.n
Andy: Hi.n
Erin: How is everything? How's your car?n
Andy: It's great. You know. Reliable. Great mileage.n
Erin: Is that so? How about this weekend we take that sucker to a duck pond or something? Maybe get caught in the rain?n
Andy: Well, I can't. I'm going skiing with Jessica. you know, a couple of dopes on the slopes.n
Erin: Oh, like a goodbye trip.n
Andy: No. What?n
Jessica: Hey.n
Darryl: Val. You made it.n
Val: Yup, yup.n
Darryl: Uh oh, look at this. Red plastic cup, red plastic cup. How about that?n
Val: You know, you are just as dumb at night.n
Darryl: Mmm. [they clink cups]n
Andy: All right, theres- this would be no problem. I could swim under, one breath.n
Jessica: No, show me.n
Andy: Okay.n
Jessica: Dive in right here.n
Andy: In a minute. In a minute.n
Jessica: Okay. You don't know what you're doing.n
Andy: A minute would be cool.n
Erin: Hey, Dwight Snoot.n
Dwight: What-n
Erin: What you doing?n
Dwight: I'm relaxing. Scram. [pushes her]n
Erin: Ow.n
Andy: Hey, Stanley. Um, what happened to my pants?n
Stanley: I moved them. Pants only need a chair if there's a person in them.n
Andy: Where... [finds pants, looks for ring]n
Erin: Come on, don't you want to play?n
Dwight: Oh really?n
Erin: Yeah.n
Dwight: Yeah, you want to play you little hick? [kicks her in to the pool, Erin screams]n
Kevin: Whoa.n
Robert: Here we have the parlor. I imagined people would set down their coats and symbolically their inhibitions. This was the gateway. You enter this room a lawyer, a doctor, a teacher, a judge, but beyond it you're simply a penis, a vagina, hunger, ache. Susan used it as a Pilates studio.n
Oscar: [sees wine collection] Holy cow!n
Robert: Wine collection.n
Oscar: How many bottles? Three hundred?n
Robert: [laughs] About twelve hundred. What the hell, grab a bottle. Less inventory for the lawyers.n
Oscar: Toby! Chateau Margaux ninety-five. You know your wine.n
Toby: Well, and you have a... yes, a- d- another chateau.n
Ryan: Robert, you are too kind.n
Robert: Oh.n
Gabe: Too kind doesn't begin to cover it.n
Ryan: With ammunition like this we are in for quite a night, you and me.n
Gabe: And Gabe-y makes three.n
Jim: Robert, thank you. Thank you for this. Thank you for all this. This night's been magical.n
Robert: Jim, come see this next room. I think you especially would like it.n
Jim: Really? Why?n
Erin: [Dwight dunks her] Oh!n
Dwight: [laughs] You regret attacking me now, hick? Huh?n
Erin: Stop it. Dwight, I was flirting with you. I was trying to use you to make Andy jealous.n
Dwight: I'm not going to help you. Why would you choose me? Because I'm mighty? Because I'm the manliest man in the office? I'll do it. [he picks her up]n
Erin: [giggles] Stop.n
Dwight: You stop.n
Erin: No, you stop.n
Dwight: No, you stop.n
Erin: [to camera] Is he looking? [shakes her head] Oh. You can stop.n
Dwight: Okay, you can stop.n
Erin: No, no, no, he's not looking.n
Dwight: No, you can stop.n
Erin: You can actually stop.n
Kelly: Whoa, you guys, I just found this insane engagement ring. Is anyone missing this?n
Meredith: The main stone's missing.n
Robert: I pictured myself here every night eating a leg of mutton, the juices dripping down my bare chest, wiping my fingers on the walls. Then I met the vegan.n
Jim: Good night.n
Oscar: [raises wine bottle] To the kitchen!n
All: To the kitchen!n
Robert: To the kitchen. Onward!n
Oscar: Toby, what's compelling about this is the note of persimmon. Right?n
Toby: Note? It's a symphony.n
Oscar: Okay, you have to join my wine-tasting club.n
Darryl: [to Val] You know, I don't think I've ever been in this exact angle before. I was scared at first, but I like it.n
Meredith: You guys got to try this pool. No top scum, no band-aids. This thing is choice.n
Val: You in?n
Dwight: [he and Erin feed each other chips] Ah, mmm. So good. Now take a chip, crush it into my face, really rub the grease around. Do it. Now rub it in. Oh, yeah, that's so good. Ah...n
Erin: Andy's not even looking. I think sexy eating is a dead end.n
Dwight: Damn it.n
Erin: What is the most romantic possible thing?n
Dwight: We can get some chicken fights going in the pool.n
Erin: Dwight, that's just- that's really perfect. Thank you.n
Both: Yes! [they high five and jump in the pool]n
Angela: You're in my way!n
Erin: Andy, Dwight and I challenge you and Jess to a chicken fight. Winner take all.n
Dwight: Chicken fight!n
Andy: No thanks.n
Erin: Dang it! What the heck already?n
Dwight: Hey, Cathy. Chicken fight!n
Cathy: Okay, yeah. Who's going to be my partner? Where's Jim?n
Dwight: Yeah- oh!n
Erin: [knocks Cathy off Kevin's shoulders] Yes! Woo!n
Dwight: Woohoo! Yes!n
Erin: Dwight, our chemistry is really clicking. We work so well together.n
Dwight: I know. I could just bang you right now.n
Robert: I had two bears sewn together to make this king-size. Total waste of two bears.n
Jim: To both these bears.n
Ryan: To both these bears.n
Toby: Bears.n
Robert: When I put in the screening room, I bought three movies: Caligula, Last Tango in Paris, and Emmanuelle 2. Last two movies I actually watched in here Marley and Me and On Golden [bleep] Pond.n
Ryan: I mean, it's clearly meant for watching erotic cinema.n
Andy: Kelly, that's a crazy ring you found.n
Kelly: Yeah, thanks. I'm really glad I found it.n
Andy: I can't believe you're wearing it. Are you not superstitious at all?n
Kelly: Shh. Of course I'm superstitious. What are you talking about?n
Andy: The ring of a failed marriage might have some sinister energy, right? Am I just being silly?n
Phyllis: Oh, I don't think you're being silly.n
Kelly: Oh God. [takes off ring]n
Andy: You know what, I can just sell it and put the money in the party fund.n
Phyllis: [snatches ring] Then another woman will get it. We can't allow that. We have to destroy it.n
Jessica: [to Andy] Come on. Let's chicken fight those two.n
Val: [comes up from under water] How was that?n
Kevin: Okay. Watch my toes. [does hand stand]n
Darryl: Hey Val. Want a beer? It might taste better than that pool water you've been drinking.n
Val: No, I'm good. Thank you.n
Darryl: Cool.n
Val: Cool. [to Kevin] Does Darryl not swim?n
Jessica: [knocks Erin off Dwight's shoulders] Yes!n
Andy: Yeah!n
Dwight: [to Erin] Maybe we should take a little break.n
Erin: Dwight, we've got this. I promise. I will not leave your shoulders, no matter what.n
Dwight: Okay.n
Erin: One more?n
Andy: Yeah!n
Jessica: Yeah! Great! [others cheer and clap]n
Erin: Mush, mush, mush! Come on!n
Dwight: Go!n
Erin: Go! Okay. Yeah.n
Jessica: Here we go! [knocks Erin over] Yes!n
Andy: Yay! [Erin comes back up] Whoa!n
Kevin: Wow!n
Andy: I cannot believe you're still up!n
Jessica: I cannot believe it either.n
Erin: I've got this! [Dwight gasps] Charge! Go! Go! [Dwight sinks]n
Dwight: [coughs up water] Erin, did we win?n
Erin: Sure. Sure we did.n
Dwight: You're lying. We didn't win.n
Kelly: You've broken up your last couple, you evil ring. Do it. [Meredith sets fire to paper ring boat]n
Angela: We're in the pool!n
Dwight: Ugh. Same old party, same old people. Am I right? Reminds me of Phyllis's birthday.n
Andy: Ooh, do not remind me of Phyllis's birthday.n
Dwight: I know. [laughs] But boy, that Erin. She sure is a ripe little tiger, isn't she? Rroww! And to think, I always thought of her as a second Meredith. Respectfully, I don't want us walking into a similar Angela kind of situation.n
Andy: Mmm.n
Dwight: So I just want to make sure that you are completely, one hundred percent done with Erin.n
Andy: Last I checked, I'm with Jessica. And I like to get my monog on. It's monogamy for my hog 'n me.n
Dwight: Not what I asked.n
Andy: We're done. Erin and I are over.n
Dwight: So then you won't mind if tonight I just go crazy on her, just go nuts, rrargh. With sex.n
Andy: Have at it. Or take it slow. Whatever you guys work out.n
Dwight: [sighs] You're an idiot.n
Kevin: Kelly, that is mine! This is mine! [Val, Erin and Kevin play with pool noodles]n
Erin: Uh-uh. Uh-uh.n
Kevin: No!n
Val: Oh I've got him!n
Andy: [Erin swims up with ring] Wow.n
Erin: So I kind of stepped on this. I think it's yours.n
Andy: Yeah. Oh wow. How did you know it was mine?n
Erin: The Bernard family seal. Duh.n
Andy: Duh.n
Erin: Sorry if your special night was ruined.n
Andy: Oh, whoa. Whoa, no, it's not a special night.n
Erin: Oh, you weren't going to do that?n
Robert: And of course, the pool. The ultimate lubricant for any wild evening. It was here that my parties would have crescendoed into true madness.n
Jim: To madness.n
Ryan: To madness.n
Toby: To madness. [Robert laughs]n
Meredith: To madness.n
Jim: Hey, um, I think you parked my car in. Is there any way you can move your van?n
Meredith: Oh, I'm sorry. When I got here, I put my keys in a bowl.n
Jim: Are you serious?n
Ryan: Robert, I want you to know, I'm here to rock with you as late as you want, man.n
Gabe: And that goes double for me. I'll stay even later than you'd like.n
Oscar: [Toby pours wine into Oscar's mouth] Toby! I am Bacchus, god of wine!n
Toby: And I am Bacchus's friend!n
Robert: Gentlemen, bear witness. While I've been mourning the nights that never were, one of them has been unfolding here before me. This is no get-together. This is a party. [Robert strips, jumps in pool, Gabe and Ryan join him]n
All: Yes! Woohoo! Bravo!n
Robert: Yes, that's it. Push yourselves, boys. It's not a party if you don't do something that scares you. I need a breather. Oh. Oh. You two keep going.n
Ryan: Hey, he's asleep. We can just leave.n
Ryan: Two pools. A divider. A bridge. Good choice. It says everything about everything, right Robert?n
Kathy: What's the water like?n
Darryl: Nice.n
Erin: Oh, Dwight.n
Dwight: Uh huh.n
Erin: That feels so good!n
Dwight: Yeah....baby.n
Erin: [grunting] Hey, Andy.n
Andy: Hey.n
Erin: Dwight gives the best back massages.n
Andy: Yeah, it sounds like it.n
Dwight: Hey, have you ever been checked for scoliosis?n
Erin: I don't know, why don't you check me Dr. Shrute. [laughing]n
Dwight: No, seriously. Your spine is jacked. It's like the devil's cursive.n
Erin: You mean more like dangerous curves...n
Dwight: You'd be like 8 feet tall if this thing was straightened out...[pushes Erin back to floor]n
Dwight: [Erin helps Dwight stretch his inner thighs] Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oooooh, yeah.n
Jessica: You guys ready?n
Andy: Bring it on guys.n
Dwight: Yeah...n
Andy: Let's go before I vomit. [Erin and Dwight enter pool]n
Dwight: Ready?n
Erin: I'm ready.n
Jessica: Whoo!n
Andy: Alright! Here we go.n
Erin: Ok.n
Dwight: RAHHH!!!!!!!n
Jessica: Yeah, come on!n
Dwight: Get her! Ruin her! [Andy and Jessica beat Dwight and Erin]n
Andy: Hey! High-five!n
Robert: This room I liked for the view. I dreamed that I would watch my guests walk to their cars at dawn, their faces flushed with the shame and regret for the choices they made the night before. [laughs]n
Ryan: I get that.n
Gabe: Beautiful sentiment.n
Jim: To the shame room! [raises bottle]n
Gabe: [Robert laughs] I live in this room.n
Oscar: [Toby and Oscar swig from wine bottles] Oh, Mineral-ey.n
Toby: Mineral-ey.n</div>]
