Fake Jim: Morning, Dwightn
Dwight: Who are you?n
Fake Jim: Who am I? I'm Jim. We've been working together for twelve years. Ha, Weird joke, Dwight.n
Dwight: You're not Jim. Jim's not Asiann
Fake Jim: You seriously never noticed? Hey, hats off to you for not seeing race.n
Dwight: Alright then Jim. Ahhh, why don't you tell me about that sale that you made yesterday?n
Fake Jim: Uh, Wellington systems? Sold them 10 cases of 24-pound letter stock. Or, were you talking about Krieger-Murphy? Because I didn't close that one yet, but I'm hoping I've got a voicemail from Paul Krieger waiting for me.n
Voicemail: Please enter your password.n
Voicemail: You have one new message.n
Dwight: How did you know? No! No, no! That is sensitive information only for employees, not outsiders!n
Fake Jim: Dwight, cut it out, I'm trying to work.n
Dwight: You don't work here! You're not Jim!n
Pam: Jim, I got us that dinner reservation. Gricoxe2x80x99s at 7:30.n
Dwight: I don't know who you are, but you are not Jim. This is Jim!n
[Dwight shows fake Jim of the Halpert family portrait but notices that Jim and the kids have been replaced with fake Jim and Asian kids]n
Erin: Heyyy! Study buddies!n
Darryl: Oh, ok.n
Erin: Getting things done. Awesome!n
Erin: [speaking in French] Sxe2x80x9dil vous plaitxe2x80xa6dites-Moixe2x80xa6Ugggghhh les Bleagh!n
Dwight: Ah, French. It's a great language. If you're a chain-smoking acrobat.n
Erin: I'm just trying to fit in better with Andy's family. They all speak more than one language. Usually when I'm there!n
Dwight: I could teach you if you want. It's a lot easier than French.n
Erin: Yeah!  Letxe2x80x99s do it!n
Dwight: [exclaims] Atherozar!n
Erin: [shocked] Oh!n
Pam: [asks Nellie who is tapping a pen on her desk]. Is everything okay?n
Nellie: Hmm? Ohxe2x80x94oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, fine. Fine, fine, fine.  I'm mean, I dxe2x80x94I just don't wannaxe2x80x94burden you with my massive stress freak outs!n
Pam: Great.n
Nellie: Itxe2x80x99s just that I am taking my driverxe2x80x99s license test in two days, and I need to practice with an experienced driver in the car. But I've had no time to do that, thanks to xe2x80x9cDemandyxe2x80x9d...[Points to Andy's office with her thumb].  I just want to hit the open road and drive, man! Butxe2x80xa6in who's car?n
Andy: [yells] Nellie! Get your wrinkly old balls in here.n
Nellie: [sighs]n
Pam: Nellie, I could practice with you in my car at lunchtime.n
Nellie: Oh, Pam, thank you! You are my savior!  [hugs Pam]n
Nellie and Pam: [giggling] ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!n
Pam: [to Jim] I'm sorry, I'm leaving you alone for lunch.n
Nellie: This is my research into how we might produce child-proof paper that doesn't give you paper cuts. We can't. And here is a print out of your genealogy from thisisyourfamilytree.comn
Andy: Executive-summary me. Hit the highlights.n
Nellie: Well, it turns out, you are a distant blood relative of Michelle Obama!n
Andy: As in...n
Nellie: Wife of Barack, loves gardening, wants to wipe out fat children.n
Andy: Alright! We gotta get rid of all this junk food. Get fit, America! Not sure if the buzz has reached the annex yet, but uh...I'm related to Michelle Obama.n
Pete: Yeah we noticed early on, Andy really appreciates enthusiasm.n
Clark: Oooohhhhhhhh!n
[They clap when Andy slams dunks his garbage into the bin]n
[They clap when Andy prints a paper copy out]n
[They clap when the water cooler jar makes bubbles while Andy is standing next to it.]n
Clark: It's starting to have this reverse effect, though, where I really do think the stuff he does is awesome.n
Pete: Yeah, me too. It's weird. Hard to remember what's real at this point.n
Darryl: You log in sales at ten different times. If you log xe2x80x98em all at once, you save a lot of time. It's called batching.n
Jim: That was really good, Darryl.n
Darryl: Life hacking, man.n
Andy: There he is!n
Jim: Andy, you gotta check this out. He just showed mexe2x80x94[gets interrupted by Andy].n
Andy: [shushing Jim] Ahhhthathathathathta. Right now I need canned tuna, okay? Darryl, guess which talented individual, who also has a killer singing voice, is related to the First Lady?n
Darryl: Tracee Ellis Ross. Daughter of the First Lady of Motown, Diana Ross.n
Andy: It's me! [chuckles] I am related to Michelle Obama.n
Darryl: What?! Really?n
Andy: I mean, it's distant, but...n
Darryl: [chuckles in agreement] Huh ha! That's cool, man.n
Pam: You know, I really do think it would be worth it to pull over and just take ten minutes to eat.n
Nellie: Mmmmxe2x80x94the thing is Pam, I'm gonna be eating while Ixe2x80x99m driving, so, I might as well get good at it.n
Pam: Brake lights. Break lights! Break lights! Break lights!!!n
Oscar: Ixe2x80x99m just saying, what does it imply in this country when a white person shares an ancestor with a black person?n
Phyllis: You think that Andy's family owned slaves?n
Dwight: I throat-rip.n
Erin: Foth aggendak!n
Dwight: You throat-rip.n
Erin: Foth aggendi!n
Dwight: He/she/it throat rips.n
Erin: Foth aggenda!n
Dwight: More of a, barbaric growl.n
Erin: [in a barbaric growl] Forth aggenda!n
Dwight: Louder! Youxe2x80x99re shouting it from the back of a horse!n
Pam: Pretty crazy about Andy and Michelle Obama, huh?n
Nellie: [laughs mischievously] Yeeeeahhhh! It's almost unbelievable!n
Pam: What?n
Nellie: Well, you know how Andy has been really salting my onions, lately.n
Pam: Sure.n
Nellie: Well, when he asked me to look up his ancestry online, I remembered that news story about Michelle Obama having white relatives, and I just knew he would eat that up!n
Pam: So he's not related to Michelle Obama?n
Nellie: Pam, I barely know how to turn on my computer.n
Nellie: [whispers] Pam! [she pretends to slam a wrench over the tire service guyxe2x80x99s head].n
Oscar: Well, if therexe2x80x99s another explanation, I don't really see what it could possibly be. Ixe2x80x94[gets cut by Andy barging into the convo]n
Andy: What's going on here? I'm related to the first lady, okay? Get over it. [chuckles] I still need weekly status reports from most of you, sooooo, can we get back to work, please? Get back to work! [Mimicks smacking everyone with a whipl].n
Oscar: Andy! Andy! No! I would be very polite today.n
Andy: Why? Is it employeexe2x80x99s day or something? I cannot keep track of these BS holidays.n
Oscar: Your connection. To Michelle Obama has certain... negative connotations. Most likely, your family werexe2x80x94slave owners.n
Andy: Does anyone else think it's possible that I come from slave owners?n
Andy: Hey mom, it's Andy. Give me a call when you get a chance gotta quick question for you, uhhhh no big deal just about America's national shame, thanks, Bye.n
[Continues] Where were we? Uhhhh, yes. Okay. Yourxe2x80xa6productivity thing.n
Darryl: Yes, yes, yes.n
Andy: Great. Ooo! Spreadsheets! Yum, yum!n
Darryl: I included some time saving ideas...n
Andy: Huh huh huh. Look, I'm not gonna lie to ya, I'm a teensy bit distracted right now.n
Darryl: Look, Andy, even if your ancestors did own slaves, it wouldn't be your fault. This is only weird if you make it weird.n
Erin: Addor!n
Dwight: Daraas!n
Erin: Qazer!n
Pete: Hey Erin!n
Erin: Azem choma! Chomakka-attun!n
Nellie: Oh, still, it must great to have something else going on outside of work.n
Pam: Yeahxe2x80x94turn signal. It's exciting to be painting againxe2x80x94those are the wipers. Soxe2x80x94thexe2x80x94itsxe2x80x94just. There you go! Yeah. [chuckles]  Yeah, things get so busy with the kidsxe2x80x94red lightxe2x80x94that it's nice to have that creative outletxe2x80x94red light! Red light! Red! Red!n
Nellie: That is brilliant, Pam. I would love to see some of your work.n
Pam: Well, since we're stopped at a light, uhhh, here is...the mural I did for Angela's baby.n
Nellie: Thatxe2x80x99s amazing, Pam! Oh, I love the lion in the tuxedo!n
Andy: [to Erin]. Heyyy, has anyone turned in their status reports up here?n
Erin: Vos!n
Andy: So, no? You think maybe you could remind people? I'm trying to down play the whole bossy boss thing today.n
Erin: Because of your slaves.n
Andy: Not my slaves, my ancestorsxe2x80x99. Maybe. Probably not.n
Erin: Well, if it makes you feel any better, the dothraki word for xe2x80x9cslave masterxe2x80x9d, xe2x80x9cattafrauk!xe2x80x9d, is a term of respect. I'm learning how to speak dothraki! Color you impressed?n
Andy: That youxe2x80x99re learning a made-up language from HBOxe2x80x99s Game of Thrones?  I have a lot going on today...but this was a great nerd-out!n
Erin: Dwight, you didn't tell me you were teaching me a fake language.n
Andy: Hi guys.n
Phyllis: Hey boss! I am so thirsty. Could I have a scoop of water?n
Andy: Yeah. You don't have to ask me.n
[Phyllis lets out stifled laughter]n
Pam: Good. Very good. [cell phone beeping]Ohxe2x80x94no! Here. It's, uh, a text from Andy. xe2x80x9cNew special proj. Need fam tree for evbody. Really dig up dirt A.S.A.P.xe2x80x9d And then in parentheses, he wrote out xe2x80x9cas soon as possible.xe2x80x9dn
Nellie: Mm. Ugh, looks like its pretend-y time again. Write back, xe2x80x9clooking for dirt.xe2x80x9dn
Pam: Oh, can I help? We could say someone is related to, uhm, Tonya Harding.n
Nellie: Pam, I'm related to Tonya Harding.n
Pam: Ohxe2x80x94geexe2x80x94Ixe2x80x99mxe2x80x94n
Nellie: No! I'm just practicing my lyyiiinggg! [whispers] I love it.n
Pam: Brilliant!n
Nellie: What should we say about Jim?n
Pam: Ummm. Oh! I'll say he's related to Richard Nixon. It's an inside joke. He looks really Nixon-y when he wakes up.n
Pam: I'm sorry. It's just, uhm, I actually do have this weird feeling that therexe2x80x99s something Jim isn't telling me.n
Nellie: Oh no! Oh! An affair! It is always an affair!n
Pam: Jim? No.n
Nellie: [sighs]. How can you be sure?n
Pam: Because he just loves me too much.n
Andy: I've done a little genealogy research of my own. Turn out I'm not the only one with a few skeletons in the olxe2x80x99 family closet. For example, Phyllis's great-great grandmother was responsible for spreading cholera to the United States.n
Angela: Ew.n
Andy: Kevin is related to both John Wayne Gacy and John Wayne Bobbitt.n
Kevin: And John Wayne?n
Andy: No. Not that I see here.n
Kevin: Wayne Johnson? The Rock?n
Andy: Dwight's grandfather was axe2x80x94[is interrupted by Dwight].n
Dwight: Was a member of the Bund. Which is not technically the same thing as the Nazi party. Soxe2x80xa6[clears throat]n
Andy: I was gonna say he was a tax evader.n
Dwight: Oh. I was joking about that whole Bund thing. Oh ho, the look on your faces! Hahhahahahahah! Hahahahahah!n
Andy: And Meredith is a blood relative of Lizzie Borden.n
Meredith: Cool! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! [mimics stabbing into Angelaxe2x80x99s throat]n
Angela: Stop it! Stop it! You're frightening me!n
Phyllis: Andy, did you call this meeting just to talk junk about our families?n
Kevin: Yeah, thatxe2x80x94you're being really mean, Andy.n
Dwight: Yeah, Andy.n
Andy: No, I'm proving a point, okay? We all have ancestors who may have done horrible things in the past. But it's in the past and itxe2x80x99s not our fault. So we don't have to talk about it.n
Oscar: The difference is, Andy, that you're the only be here still benefitting from the terrible things that your ancestors did.n
Andy: Might've done. And howxe2x80xa6 do you figure?n
Oscar: Your family's rich! I have to believe that a big part of the Bernard fortune was earned on the backs of slaves.n
Andy: You know, there's nothing wrong with being successful in America, Oscar! I'm not gonna apologize for my family's wealth. That wealth, could one day benefit society...if capital gains are ever taxed as the same rate as earned income.n
[ringtone of Dixie plays]  Okay, Kevin did that. I do not wish I was in Dixie.n
[answers phone]  Hey mom, how are ya? Did any Bernards ever own a plantation in the south?n
[to the group]  She said no! Take that!n
[gets back on phone]  Follow up question. Did any Bernards, ever, make money, in an unsavory way?n
[speaks quietly into the phone] I just asked you! Why didn't you just say that?n
[continues speaking quietly] Oh, stop! Stop! Stop talking! Stop taking! That'sxe2x80x94no! I don't wanna know that. Ok. You're interrupting a meeting I have to go. Love you. Bye.n
[faces the group] Well, turns out the Bernard's of yore did not own slaves.n
Oscar: Really?n
Andy: We merely transported them. Which at worst, makes us amoral middlemen.n
Andy: Yo, d-dog. I need your help. I'm trying to think of things I can say that make it sound like I had a more difficult childhood than I actually had.n
Darryl: Youxe2x80x99re gonna poxe2x80x99 mouthn
Andy: Exactly. Help me poxe2x80x99 mouth, Darryl.n
Darryl: Actually, Andy, you promised me five minutes to talk about productivity suggestionsxe2x80x94n
Andy: What if I said that my dad beat me. And, I just left out the croquet of it all. Or, I could just go all the way and just say I grew up in an apartment. Or is that too crazy?n
Darryl: That could work.n
Andy: You now, Darryl, this is textbook assistant regional manager stuff here, and I feel like I'm doing all the heavy lifting. I'm coming up with all the ideas here.n
Darryl: Ixe2x80x99m going for a walk.n
Jim: You doing alright, man?n
Darryl: I'm done. I gotta get out of here.n
Jim: Yeah. Not the easiest day to be assistant regional manager.n
Darryl: It's not just today, it's everyday. It seems like the better title I have, the stupider my job gets.n
Jim: Oh, come on, it can always get better. Right?n
Darryl: Hmm. Yeah rightn
Jim: No, I'm serious. There's always something better.n
Darryl: Like what?n
Jim: Like hypotheticallyxe2x80xa6 if I said there was another job. That you and I could both have.n
Darryl: What kind of job?n
Jim: Something cool. Like, sports marketing or... that sound something like you'd be into?n
Darryl: Hell yeah!n
Jim: Right?n
Darryl: That sounds awesome!n
Jim: Ok, but wait. What if I told you that it was in Philly! So you'd have to...n
Darryl: I love Philly!n
Jim: Right?n
Darryl: It's not even a thoughtxe2x80x94n
Jim: Not even a thought!  It's not even that far away! I could still commute! Exactly. Exactly! Alright!n
Darryl: What? Wait, wait, wait? So what? This happening?n
Jim: Oh, itxe2x80x99s happening!  Letxe2x80x99s just keep it between you and me for right now.n
Darryl: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. For sure. for sure. Man!  And Pam's into it?n
Jim: We, uh, we haven't talked about. But I think that she'sxe2x80x94I think she understands... what this is.n
Darryl: Oh, come on, man. I thought you had something real.n
Jim: What? No, no, no! Come on! This is real!n
Pam: So what did you want to show me?n
Nellie: That is quite an ugly wall, isn't it?n
Pam: Yeah. It's really uglyn
Nellie: Needs something, doesn't it? I'm thinkingxe2x80xa6a mural.n
Pam: You mean me?n
Nellie: Yes! You! You are soo talented! Itxe2x80x99s going to be my next special project. Hiring Scrantonxe2x80x99s most dangerous young muralist to paint the warehouse wall.n
Pam: Oh my god! I love it! Uh, Ixe2x80x94Nellie, this is brilliant!  [sees Jim] Hey!n
Jim: Hey! Can I talk you? For a second?n
Nellie: Anything you have to say to her, you can say to me. She never loved you!n
Pam: What?! No! I-I got this. [Laughs] Okay?n
Nellie: [to Darryl] You know what this is all about.n
Darryl: Yeah. You too, huh?n
Darryl: Hey! He deserves this. And he said I could get in on it too.  [whispers] Yeah.n
Pam: I was helping Nellie drivexe2x80x94[Stanley interrupts]n
Pete: Fonas chek!n
Erin: Dothraas! chek! [giggles]n
Andy: I like that guy. We should hook him up with Meredith.n
Erin: [in agreement] Hmmm!n</div>]
