Pam: Hey Angela, you wanna see a picture of Phillip wearing those little booties you got us?n
Angela: So cute.n
Pam: Oscar thinks that having a dog is just like having a baby.n
Angela: News flash - If you didn't carry it around for nine months, it isn't your kid.n
Pam: Exactly. Unless you adopted, of course.n
Oscar: Hey, are your little dudes crawling yet?n
Pam: No, three-month-old humans don't do that.n
Pam: Angela is such a liar!n
Oscar: Exactly. That's just like crate training. All night long, all night long.n
Angela: No one said "you must have two"n
Oscar: Like her genes are so important. The world just needs more Pam/Jim DNA. Thank you, no.n
Angela/Pam: Unbelievable!n
Nellie: It is the end of the day, it is the end of the week. We managed to fill 40 hours somehow. That's not bad, is it?n
Packer: That's great.n
Dwight: Pretty good.n
Nellie: Well thank you. This is very helpful feedback. [Dwight raises his hand] Dwight, I am still not ready to name a VP.n
Dwight: [laughing] That's not what I was going to ask. Gosh, jump to conclusions. Come on, I know, you've got so much on your plate. Right now, you're like 'oh, what's more important? Dwight's question, figure out who's the VP?' Dwight, VP. Dwight, VP. Dwight, VP. Dwight, VP.n
Nellie: I can't be hypnotized, Dwight. I tried it, I ended up smoking more.n
Dwight: Can we at least eliminate those that are not in the running? Free them up to focus more completely on the menial. Like stacking or sorting, or-n
Jim: Catching butterflies.n
Dwight: That's a hobby, unless it's for food.n
Jim: Theater.n
Dwight: Waste of time.n
Jim: Dragging.n
Dwight: That's just a verb.n
Jim: Dragging sticks.n
Dwight: Yes, nice, perfect. Dragging sticks.n
Nellie: Alright, I'm gonna eliminate three people right now, okay? Justxe2x80xa6 you three, no.n
Nellie: Everyone meet in the hotel bar at 7:00. I'm not allowed to say it's mandatory, so let's just call it compulsory. n
Packer: I'll be there at 6:00n
Cathy: Ugh, we're gonna have one of those crazy nights, aren't we? Maybe we'll see the real 'Talla-nasty' we've been hearing so much about.n
Jim: 'Talla-nasty', very clever.n
Cathy: Thank you-n
Jim: Cathy? It's been great. Fun, normal. [in voiceover] I thought I was gonna be hanging out with stanley on this trip, but he's turned out to be kind of a loose cannon.n
Andy: Okay, everybody. 5:00. Workday is over. Put your pencils down. Aaannnnddd bring 'em back up, because now, the late night work jam begins!n
Pam: Yes, the conference room is set up. I've got pens, I've got paper, I've got a whiteboard, we are good to go!n
Andy: Say what?n
Pam: We are good to goooo!n
Andy: Say what?n
Pam: We're good to goooo!n
Angela: Stop it. n
Andy: Say-n
Angela: Stop it.n
Andy: Tonight we're staying late to service the accounts of the people who went on the Florida trip.n
Pam: Yes, of course, we could've just been doing this the whole time, but SOMEONE dropped the ball.n
Packer: Jason Bourne would kick Bond's ass.n
Nellie: Jason Bourne has no support staff. His own government's out to get him.n
Dwight: Genghis Khan could take 'em both down 'cause he's not afraid to kill children xe2x80xa6 What? it's true. He- He would- he would eviscerate babies and hang them from poles outside of the villages. (Jim taps Dwight on the shoulder)n
Packer: Okay, drinking game. Count of three, take three sips.n
Dwight: That's a stupid game. I got a great drinking game. Okay, everyone empty your pockets. Whoever has the most seeds is the king. Whoever has the least buttons is the hunchback.n
Gabe: What happens if you're the hunchback?n
Dwight: Oh, you get kicked.n
Jim: How many buttons do you have?n
Dwight: (takes out bag) 40. Always.n
Cathy: Can I see?n
Dwight: Sure. (Hands bag to Cathy)n
Cathy: So, I get to kick you now.n
Dwight: No, they're not transferrable just 'cause I handed 'em to you.n
Cathy: Well, that's how I played it in college.n
Jim: College rules (Cathy throws Jim the bag and Jim kicks Dwight)n
Dwight: Aah!n
Packer: Aaaaand he host at his own lame game.n
Nellie: Ooh, double meaning! The game was lame, and now he's lame from the kick. Quick wit.n
Packer: Thank you.n
Ryan: I'll have a glass of your oakiest chardonnay, please.n
Erin: And I will have waffle with your mapliest syrup.n
Waitress: Sorry, no waffles.n
Erin: Oh, okay. Just forget it, then. Forget it. Forget it.n
Ryan: A waffle?n
Erin: A hotel waffle. I know what I want to eat. Is that crazy?n
Ryan: No.n
Erin: I'm moving down here, you know.n
Ryan: Oh, no, I didn't know.n
Erin: I'm young, and I can xe2x80xa6 and if I can't, I'm still pretty young. I guess I'll always be young.n
Ryan: Why would Erin confide in me that she's staying here in Florida if she didn't want me to make some last-ditch, nothing to lose, Kelly Ka-who run at her? (Erin walks over) Hey.n
Pam: Watson carpet and tile.n
Kevin: One order.n
Oscar: Order reference number 00983-126.n
Phyllis: Eight Cases, bright white inkjet.n
Angela: Paid.n
Kelly: I'm dying!n
Darryl: Processed.n
Nellie: I will be right back.n
Packer: I will be here.n
Dwight: Hey. I see what you're doing. It's futile. the VP position is mine.n
Packer: Oh, please, You're through. She's going to give it to me as I'm giving it to her tonight. The cowgirl has chosen her saddle. [clicks tongue, whinnies]n
Dwight: Well, saddlesxe2x80xa6 [clicks tongue, whinnies] xe2x80xa6 sometimes fall off, especially if you don't properly cinch the girth.n
Andy: Who is ready for dinner? "oh, I bet it's pizza, or tacos, or something stupid". No. [claps] I went south of the border for this. And then I went south of that border. And we have ourselvesxe2x80xa6 [takes foil off tray] [Jamaican accent] A Jamaican feast, mon!n
[Disapproval from everyone else]n
Phyllis: If I wanted Jamaican food I'd just hire a bunch of bodyguards and go there.n
Andy: Additional trivia factoid, this food comes to us through Val. And our server is none other than Brandon, her boyf!n
Val: Hey.n
Brandon: How you doing, Val? [Val and Brandon kiss]n
Oscar: Jamaican, huh? I just read about the elections down there. Crazy stuff.n
Brandon: Oh no, I'm not actually Jamaican.n
Oscar: Terrific.n
Darryl: What's up man? I'm Darryl.n
Brandon: Darryl, I heard about you. You doing good?n
Darryl: Oh yeah.n
Brandon: Must be doing real good since you're f***ing my girlfriend.n
Everyone: Whoa.n
Kevin: Dude, you didn't tell me you were f***ing Val. High five!n
Darryl: I'm not sleeping with your girlfriend.n
Val: Brandon, what the hell are you talking about?n
Brandon: Don't play dumb with me. I know what's up.n
Val: Honey, I am not sleeping with-n
Andy: Heyyyxe2x80xa6 let's get back to the food. Brandon, tell us about these delicious looking goops!n
Brandon: Hope you all like goat.n
Nellie: Blow in my ear.n
Packer: Alright.n
Nellie: Like I'm on the beach.n
[Packer blows in Nellie's ear]n
Dwight: [imitates seagull calls] Seagull. [Continues seagull calls]n
Nellie: And a wave crashingxe2x80xa6 a wave crashing.n
[Packer and Dwight imitate waves]n
Nellie: Oh, that is lovely.n
Jim: Alright, that's gonna do it for me tonight. Have a lovely evening.n</div>, <div class="quote">n[Cathy knocks on Jim's door and Jim answers]n
Jim: Hey, how's it going?n
Cathy: Hey, uh, good. Uh, the heating system though in my room is all messed up. It's like 90 degrees in there. Maintenance is working on it. Can I hang out here?n
Jim: Uhxe2x80xa6 yeah, I'm just watching basketball.n
Cathy: Okay, yeah.n
Jim: Okay.n
Cathy: Coolxe2x80xa6 [Jumps onto bed] Is this March Madness? I love March Madness.n
Jim: Oh, no, that's not this 'cause that's inxe2x80xa6 March. Uh, this is just the NBA. Professional. Miami Heat, actually, soxe2x80xa6 [sits on floor]n
Cathy: LeBron James.n
Jim: Yes, nice. Good word associationn
Cathy: [giggles]n
[Cathy walks over to mini fridge and bends over to take something out. Jim looks away]n</div>, <div class="quote">n[Packer takes string out of his mouth]n
Nellie: Impressive.n
Andy: Thornwood Wholesalers.n
Kevin: One order.n
Brandon: I read the text you sent to Val, man.n
Val: That's messed up.n
Angela: Is this spicy?n
Brandon: No, baby girl. It would be messed up if I didn't find anything, but I did, so-n
Andy: I'm pretty sure if Darryl sent Val a text, it was about some paper emergency or something.n
Brandon: At midnight?n
Andy: xe2x80xa6 yeahxe2x80xa6n
Kevin: It happens! Like a hospital needs more napkins for surgeryxe2x80xa6n
Kelly: Guys, we're not gonna settle anything this way. I think we just need to be grown-ups here.n
Andy: Thank you.n
Kelly: I thin we're gonna need to here those texts.n
Andy: Kelly, remember how you wanted to go home before?n
Kelly: No. There's no way in hell I'm leaving. Something interesting is happening here for once in my life, I am staying here. Darryl, read the texts.n</div>, <div class="quote">n[Knock at the door]n
Jim: Yup, coming. [opens door] All right.n
Stanley: My mini bar is oddly out of rum.n
Jim: We have plenty.n
Stanley: Oh, hello. [laughs with Cathy]n
Jim: Do you want to watch the game with us? We're watching a game. The Heat game. Just a game.n
Stanley: Got it. Good night. Careful Jim, it gets easier and easier.n
Jim: No, no, no, Stanley.n
Stanley: mm-hmm. [about to leave]n
Jim: Stanley. Stanley.n
Stanley: uh-huh.n
Erin: Whoa. the lights are still on.n
Ryan: Yeah, they keep them on 'cause it's less expensive than turning them on and off.n
Erin: I like how guys just know stuff all the time.n
Ryan: Girls know a lot of stuff too, okay? And nobody knows more than you. Especially me.n
Erin: [gasps] Hello, waffle iron.n
Ryan: Hello, what do we have here?n
Erin: Okay, so the recipe says we need a mixing bowlxe2x80xa6n
Ryan: Right.n
Erin: xe2x80xa6 a measuring cupxe2x80xa6n
Ryan: Got that. [Metallic thud] Get down.n
Erin: [whispers] It's the fuzz!n
Darryl: "I got too much ice cream. You want some?" "Getting' my fry on."n
Kelly: Boring.n
Darryl: Uh, "The moon is huge tonight."n
Phyllis: Ooh, gosh, the moon one's damning. Yeah, sorry.n
Darryl: That's regular text talk.n
Brandon: You forgot one.n
Darryl: "You're such a great friend."n
Brandon: With the dots.n
Darryl: "You're such a great friend, dot dot dot dot dot."n
Kelly: Five dots, Darryl, are you kidding me? Okay, 'cause three dots means 'to be continued', four dots is a typo, but five dots means "Whoa, do not make me say what I want to say, baby, but if I did, it would blow your mind, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot.n
Everyone: Ohxe2x80xa6n
Brandon: See? Yes. Thank you, sister.n
Val: Brandon, Darryl and me? That's ridiculous, right?n
Nellie: You look like Ed Harris if they stretched him a little bit.n
Dwight: You wanna see a picture of me trapped under a tree? [cell phone rings] xe2x80xa6ahhmmmxe2x80xa6 excuse mexe2x80xa6 What?! Not now, I'm busy.n
Jim: [on phone] I'm sorry, I thought you'd want to know that I saw a bedbug in my room. But, never mind, sorry to interrupt.n
Dwight: Wait wait wait wait, bedbugs? Oh noxe2x80xa6 Freak, I need a favor.n
Gabe: Well, then you have to call me by my name. Gabriel Susan Lewis.n
Dwight: I gotta be gone for a few minutes. You make sure that Packer does NOT sleep with Nellie.n
Gabe: What's in it for GSL?n
Dwight: You really want Packer as your boss?n
Dwight: Where did you see it?n
Jim: In the bed.n
Cathy: I haven't seen anything.n
Dwight: We gotta find it before it eggs. [pulls sheets off bed]n
Cathy: Jeezxe2x80xa6n
Dwight: Describe it.n
Jim: Brown, shiny, painful bite.n
Dwight: Could be a bat weevilxe2x80xa6 Describe its mood. Did it seen sleepy?n
Jim: Stressed, but to be fair, it was a tense situation.n
Dwight: Fair enough, but after it bit you, did it run away fearful, or did it walk away smug, self-assured?n
Jim: So smug. Like he thought it was funny, like this.n
Dwight: Pshh. That's a bedbug.n
Jim: Yeah.n
Dwight: Everything's a joke.n
Jim: I know. n
Dwight: Check your hair! [checks Jim's hair]n
Jim: Ow.n
Dwight: God, oh. So greasy, you should just shave all this.n
Jim: Just check it.n
Dwight: You are clean. Okayxe2x80xa6 One thing a bedbug thrives on is heat and carbon dioxide [starts running in place and turning up the thermostat] I am going to generate myself into a human trap. [starts to take off clothes] When I jump into the bed, you are going to cover me with the sheet immediately. And then we'll see who's laughing. [dastardly laugh]n
Jim: Alright.n
Dwight: Yeah. [jumps into bed] Cover me!n
Cathy: Is this really nessecary?n
Jim: He knows what he's doing.n
Dwight: Let the bedbugs bite!n
Cathy: Ugh, god, I feel so gross. I have to go take a shower.n
Jim: Alright, then I will catch you laterxe2x80xa6 What do we do now?n
Dwight: We wait. [Shower starts] Come to papa.n
Jim: Oh.n</div>, <div class="quote">n[Packer and Nellie are speaking softly to each other. Gabe sprays his inhaler into Packer's drink.]n
Jim: I don't know, Dwight, I think maybe you should check again.n
Dwight: Nope, I wasn't bitten.n
Jim: Well, maybe it isn't warm enough in here.n
Dwight: Oh, it's plenty warm, and I was farting continuously under the sheet, creating a kind of greenhouse effect.n
Jim: Come on.n
Dwight: If there were any in here, They would've imbedded themselves in me.n
Jim: You know what? Maybe they just ate.n
Dwight: No, you're good. Clean bill of health! Besides I gotta get back downstairs. I left Packer alone with Nellie for way too long.n
Jim: Okay, they're fine. They're adults.n
Dwight: No, that's the problem. Packer is trying to bed Nellie for the VP job unless I do it first.n
Jim: Is that really how you want to get this job?n
Dwight: Such a chorus girl.n
Jim: Okay, Dwightxe2x80xa6 Dwightxe2x80xa6 Dwight, Dwight Dwight!xe2x80xa6 uhxe2x80xa6n
Cathy: [in a bathrobe] Is crazy gone?n
[Jim does his signature face]n</div>, <div class="quote">n[Nellie and Packer are dancing. Gabe winks at Dwight. Packer pukes all over Gabe's slacks and walks off.]n
Nellie: Oh!n
Gabe: They don't make these cords in boot cut anymore!n
Cathy: Yeah, one death by chocolate, one bananas fosterxe2x80xa6 Okay, cool. Thanksxe2x80xa6 I know, I'm a pig, right?n
Jim: Hmm? No.n
Cathy: [giggles] Wait, this why I exercise like a fiend. Feel. Seriously.n
Jim: Okay alright. [gets up] I'm really sorry, uh, I just have to say it. I'm-I'm married. I'm very happily married.n
Cathy: Oh my God, what are you thinking?n
Jim: umxe2x80xa6 I mean-n
Cathy: I know that you're married, I sat at your wife's desk. How little do you think of me?n
Jim: I'm sorry, I feel like maybe I'm-I'm I misread things. Okay, let's just go back to watching.n
Cathy: Can youxe2x80xa6 without running to the other side of the room all night?n
Jim: Yes, I can. [Cathy laughs] uh, all right. I'm really sorry. I think we'll justxe2x80xa6 we'll just watch. You can watch, not watch, whatever you want to do. Take another shower, I don't care.n
Cathy: Okay. [Sits next to Jim.] I am so cold.n
Pam: Hey, Darryl. You okay?n
Darryl: She's got a boyfriend.n
Andy: Play it cool, man. She'll come around.n
Pam: No, you should go for it. I mean nothing would've happened with me and Jim if he didn't put himself out there.n
Andy: Yeah, butxe2x80xa6 My friend Jim would tell you to play it cool.n
Ryan: Hey.n
Erin: Hey.n
Ryan: Hey.n
Erin: Hey.n
Ryan: Hey, this is fun.n
Erin: A lot of fun.n
Ryan: I know. Can I give you a compliment? I'm really impressed by how much you've grown. Since I met you, it's like night and day.n
Erin: You should move down here with me.n
Ryan: Yeah?n
Erin: We could be roommates.n
Ryan: Really?n
Erin: We could get a dog. We could go to R-rated movies. And who knows, I mean, you're a guy, I'm a girl-n
Ryan: Yeah.n
Erin: Maybe in six months-n
Nellie: Put your forehead near mine,  and see if you can read my thoughts. n
Dwight: Okayxe2x80xa6 Seven, one, one, ninexe2x80xa6n
Nellie: No, no, no, not numbers, no.n
Dwight: No, okay.n
Nellie: No.n
Dwight: Try againxe2x80xa6 Ugh, I'm still getting numbers! Seven, one, onexe2x80xa6 is anyone around here thinking the numbers seven one one? 'Cause please stop, okay?n
Nellie: Dwight, give me a key card to your room. Meet me in seven minutes for some one-on-one time. n
Dwight: [gasps]Wait, the numbers!n
Nellie: Mm-hmm.n
Dwight: ohxe2x80xa6n
Nellie: mm-hmmxe2x80xa6n
Dwight: There you go.n
Nellie: I will see you in seven-n
Dwight: Seven minutes. [Dwight and Nellie kiss]xe2x80xa6 Nellie, wait. Let me write my room number on the card. [chuckles]. [Dwight writes on the key card scratches it with a magnet and hands it back to Nellie]n
Angela: 1434-967, paid.n
Darryl: It has been processed.n
Val: It has been delivered.n
Pam: That's it, last one.n
[Everyone applauds]n
Kelly: Andy this has been an amazing night. Epic.n
Andy: Cool-down fiesta begins right now. I got decaf coffeexe2x80xa6n
Phyllis: No way.n
Andy: I got Romy and Michele's High School Reunionxe2x80xa6n
Val: Hey. I just wanted to apologize. I mean, that was so weird. Can we just, like, never talk about it again?n
Darryl: Sure.n
Val: Okay, thanks.n
Darryl: Hey, just so you know, me and youxe2x80xa6 I don't think that's ridiculousxe2x80xa6 Dot, dot, dotxe2x80xa6 dot, dot.n</div>, <div class="quote">n[Jim walks into his room to find a bathrobe on the floor]n
Jim: All right. Now I think it's time for you to go.n
Cathy: What? Oh, Jim, I thought we talked about this. You're cool, right?n
Jim: Cathy, go.n
Dwight: [wearing face mask with spray chemicals in hand] Where's the bug?n
Jim: Awesome.n
Dwight: [sprays the bed and Cathy] Stand back!n
Cathy: Aah! Stop, it, oh my god! That burns! what is that?!n
Dwight: [continues spraying the bed] It's a compound of chemicals I pulled off the maid's cart!n
Cathy: [coughs and moans]n
Jim: Right there! [points to Cathy]n
Cathy: Oh stop it, stop it, stop it!n
Jim: [coughs] Oh, big one! Big one! Really big one!n
Cathy: I can't breathe!n
Dwight: I think I saw it!n
Cathy: Stop it! [runs out the door]n
Jim: Nice job, I think you got 'em.n
Dwight: You can't stay here, this place is a biohazard. If I were you, I'd just bunk with Cathy.n
Dwight: Second best Bananas Foster I've ever had.n
Jim: Oh yeah? What's the first best?n
Nellie: [at the door, unsuccessfully trying to open it with the demagnetized key card] Dwight? [knocks] Hello? Dwight?n
Jim: [whispers] Is that Nellie?n
Dwight: [whispers] Don't let-shh!n
Nellie: Are you in there? I can see the light on under your door. Hello? [knocks] [Dwight turns off the lights] Oh, look at that. The light went off, just as I said the light went on. Hello? [knocks] Dwight? [whispers] Dwight. [Dwight eats his Bananas Foster]n</div>]
