Dwight: Every second you sit there is an hour off your life. Look at all of you. I feel like youxe2x80x99re in a suicide cult.n
Creed: No. No. No. Youxe2x80x99re way off on that one.n
Dwight: Oh yeah?n
Oscar: Are you really comfortable standing there? I tried one of those and I just never hit the sweet spot.n
Jim: Hey guys letxe2x80x99s just all admit it. Ok? Dwightxe2x80x99s better than us. He had the guts to stop sitting. And hexe2x80x99s never, ever going to go back on it right?n
Darryl: Hey man.n
Dwight: [jumping up from an almost sitting position] Hey.n
Darryl: Taking a load off huh?n
Dwight: No. Putting a load on more like it.n
Darryl: Good luck with that.n
Dwight: [to Angela] Thank you so much. [hums]n
Jim: [sees a pole poking out Dwightxe2x80x99s pant leg] What are you up to? Oops look out! [grabs Dwight's wallet]n
Dwight: What are you doing? Give that back. Come on!n
Jim: Prank! [throws money from Dwightxe2x80x99s wallet on the floor]n
Dwight: Oh thatxe2x80x99s real creative.n
Jim: You know what itxe2x80x99s not my best. Because you could just easily bend over and pick it up right?n
Dwight: I could, but I just donxe2x80x99t feel like it loser.n
Jim: Because youxe2x80x99re sitting?n
Dwight: Standing.n
Jim: Ok.n
Dwight: Donxe2x80x99t!n
Jim: Because youxe2x80x99re sitting?n
Dwight: Standing.n
Jim: You know I have to do this.n
Andy: [signing his name] Andrewxe2x80xa6 Bainesxe2x80xa6 Bernard.n
Jim: I think you could just do Andy Bernard.n
Andy: Andrew Baines Bernard. I love filling these out. Because itxe2x80x99s like taking a test, but I know the answers.n
Robert: [loudly knocking on the window] In four seconds my wife is going to be coming through that door. I told her she could work here. Under no circumstances can that be allowed to happen. [to Mrs. California] There you are! Honey how on earth could you miss the elevator?n
Andy: What was that?n
Ryan: Thatxe2x80x99s why my foundation xe2x80x93 The Dream for a Wish Foundation xe2x80x93 is going to put them out of business. Theyxe2x80x99re not going to know what hit them.n
Robert: Everyone. Ixe2x80x99d like to introduce my wife Mrs. Robert California. Mrs. California this is everyone.n
Susan: Hello. Oh call me Susan please.n
Robert: Last night at dinner Susan and I were talking about her returning to work. So shexe2x80x99s here today to see if therexe2x80x99s a good fit. Something tells me it just might work out. This is Andy Bernard the regional manager.n
Susan: Hello nice to meet you.n
Andy: Hey there. Itxe2x80x99s a pleasure.n
Robert: Andy would you be so kind as to show Susan around the office. Show her the various departments. Find a place where shexe2x80x99ll shine.n
Andy: I would love to. But I have to be completely honest with you guys. Wexe2x80x99re 100 percent staffed up.n
Robert: Andy. Letxe2x80x99s see if therexe2x80x99s a good fit first. Then wexe2x80x99ll talk.n
Dwight: Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock.n
Darryl: You donxe2x80x99t have to say it if youxe2x80x99re doing it.n
Dwight: [laughs] Remember how you said that you were looking in the office to do calisthenics and aerobics?n
Darryl: Uh weight lifting yeah.n
Dwight: Well todayxe2x80x99s your lucky day. I have opened in this very office building Dwight Schrutexe2x80x99s Gym for Muscles. You wanna take a look?n
Darryl: Ixe2x80x99ll take a look.n
Andy: Alright! The DM Express is pulling out.n
Susan: Well it was really nice to meet you Brian.n
Ryan: Actually Ryan.n
Andy: We will start here at Erinville.n
Susan: Hi.n
Erin: Hoo-hoo!n
Andy: Reception. Your classic one-man operation.n
Erin: Although I was watching a movie and Merryl Streep had two secretaries.n
Andy: I was watching a movie and a bunch of apes took over San Francisco. Just saying.n
Robert: Two secretaries could convey a sense of importance and success to our clients. Certainly worth exploring; wouldnxe2x80x99t you agree Andy?n
Andy: Ixe2x80x99ll explore exploring it.n
Robert: Good. It seems like you have this under control. So Ixe2x80x99ll just duck out and run the company for a while.n
Andy: Ok uh next stop on the tour sales. Here we go. Station stop Jim Halpert. Oh boy our resident truth teller. [Jim laughs nervously] Alright have at it. Let xe2x80x98er rip. What do you hate about this place?n
Jim: Well itxe2x80x99s sales. So you have to be able to live in the world of rejection.n
Dwight: Maybe you do. Hi. Ixe2x80x99m Dwight. Sales is really not so hard ok? Itxe2x80x99s paper. We have it and they want it so bad they are willing to pay for it.n
Andy: Jim?n
Jim: Well itxe2x80x99s not that easy. Itxe2x80x99s kind of sometimes difficult.n
Dwight: Itxe2x80x99s the second easiest job in the world. [to camera] Being a mom.n
Susan: I love shopping and sales is just the other side of that.n
Dwight: That is true.n
Andy: You know if you joined our sales department you would be working very closely with our department head Mr. Dwight Schrute.n
Dwight: Thatxe2x80x99s me.n
Andy: Dwight why donxe2x80x99t you tell Susan about some of your hobbies. Survival skills. Ranking of animals.n
Dwight: Maybe over a beer after shexe2x80x99s closed her first sale [makes gun click noise].n
Dwight: Ready? What do you think?n
Darryl: Um no. This is not a gym. This is like a scene out of Saw 5.n
Dwight: You havenxe2x80x99t even looked around yet. Look. Gravel bucket squat yoke [squats, grunts and lifts] Right? Dedicated phone book ripping station [tries and fails to tear a phone book in half]. You ever cut tin before? Five yards in and your forearms will be on fire. Plus I will buy the tin back from you that you cut for two cents a yard. Now letxe2x80x99s go over membership. Ixe2x80x99m going to need the first monthxe2x80x99s and the last monthxe2x80x99s up front. $49 per month. But every third month is $59 a month. But the fourth month is a discount month at $19 per monthxe2x80xa6n
Darryl: Obviously you know how a gym works. So you know Ixe2x80x99m not going to pay money for this. You want people to come to your gym? Make a real gym.n
Dwight: Darryl... [picks up sledgehammer and swings it at a hanging tire]n
Susan: I was thinking accounting might be a good fit because I really clicked with Oscar and I do have some experience in bookkeeping.n
Andy: But we already have a surplus of accountants as it is.n
Susan: Uh I could work in customer service. HR even.n
Andy: Those are fully staffed as well.n
Robert: Are you telling me that therexe2x80x99s no one in this entire office that could use an extra pair of hands?n
Andy: [laughing nervously] Yes.n
Robert: I am the CEO and I am telling an employee of mine what to do.n
Andy: Let me beat around the bush for a second. Our chairman of the board has some very strong feelings about-n
Susan: Robert this is very uncomfortable. Obviously therexe2x80x99s no place for me here. So thank you for trying. Why donxe2x80x99t we just let it go.n
Robert: No. Absolutely not. Andrew there must be something you can do. Think.n
Andy: There are lots of considerations.n
Robert: I would be eternally grateful. Itxe2x80x99s not a bad thing to have the CEO owe you one.n
Susan: So what happens next?n
Andy: We get you over to HR and then we get you set up with accounting. [phone rings] Hang on. Hello?n
Robert: [on phone] Say hello grandma.n
Andy: Hi gam-gam.n
Robert: Hold one finger up to Susan. Youxe2x80x99ll just be a second. You numbskull. You were given a very simple task. I could not have been more clear with you. Now say, xe2x80x9care you taking your medicine?xe2x80x9dn
Andy: Are you taking your med-meds?n
Robert: Why can you not say exactly what I tell you? Undo this. Undo it. [Robert and Andy hang up phones]n
Susan: You didnxe2x80x99t say goodbye to your grandma.n
Dwight: Attention! I am now accepting memberships for Dwight Schrutexe2x80x99s Gym for Muscles. The first 20 members can take advantage of the pay what you weigh promotion.n
Oscar: All I need is another gym. As if I donxe2x80x99t have enough drama.n
Phyllis: We have a gym at home. Itxe2x80x99s called the bedroom.n
Oscar: Whoxe2x80x99s spotting who? Donxe2x80x99t use the bike in the corner. Thatxe2x80x99s Brucexe2x80x99s. Jeremy saysxe2x80xa6n
Angela: Enough Oscar, enough.n
Dwight: Kelly?n
Toby: Did you bring your passport with you?n
Susan: Who walks around with their passport?n
Toby: Well, I do. Always ready for adventure.n
Susan: Have you had any?n
Toby: No.n
Andy: [sees Susan is busy in the annex] Hey, uh, guys. So Robert doesn't want his wife working here. So now that she is, we have to drive her away.n
Oscar: Andy, if he didn't want her working here then why did you hire her?n
Andy/Oscar: it was a mistake. But one that can be fixed by all of us being mean to her.n
Kevin: How can we do that? She's simply wonderful.n
Angela: This is all pathetic.n
Andy: I am not asking, I am ordering.n
Oscar: How mean are we talking about?n
Andy: It would be great if she were gone by lunch. Erin, you're up. Find her a place to work, but not too comfortable.n
Erin: Here you go. [gives Susan a tiny stapler]n
Susan: Um, do you think it would be possible to move to that desk over there? Because this seems a bit cramped and I don't have a computer.n
Erin: Well that's a sales desk.n
Oscar: That's Gerald. [hands phone to Jim]n
Jim: Oh, wow. So cute.n
Susan: Oh, that is so cute-n
Phyllis: [grabs phone] Aw... He's so tiny. Is he in a ladle?n
Oscar: Yeah, he's in a ladle.n
Erin: That's adorable. How on earth did you get him in a ladle?n
Oscar: He did it himself.n
Phyllis: Is that ladle stainless or...n
Oscar: Oh, stainless. Williams Sonoma.n
Susan: Excuse me, waiter, there's a dog in my soup. [Jim chuckles]n
Oscar: It's not that kind of ladle.n
Jim: Very cute. [holds out the phone]n
Susan: Aw, let me see-n
Susan: Your employees don't seem to be taking to me.n
Robert: Andy! Andy, could you step in here, please? We'll fix this.n
Andy: [in robot voice] What is going on?n
Robert: [chuckles] Please. Andrew, my wife... has brought up an issue that requires your attention. So, uh, if you'll excuse me, I should step out, get to the ATM before that homeless man sets up camp for the night.n
Andy: Okey-dokey, artichokey. You hate it, don't you?n
Susan: Do you not want me here?n
Andy: Why would you say that?n
Susan: It's okay. I understand. I'm not sure how I would feel about having the boss' wife work for me either.n
Andy: It's not that, exactly.n
Susan: But it is something.n
Andy: Let's just say that if you don't want to work here, I am totally prepared to respect that.n
Susan: Why would you not want me working here?n
Andy: I don't know. [chuckles]n
Susan: I think I understand what you're going through. My husband can be a very difficult man to read, can't he?n
Andy: Yes! The dude is an enigma.n
Susan: Mm-hmm. So he is mixed up in this, isn't he?n
Andy: Ah... [stammers]n
Dwight: What do you think you're doing?n
Darryl: Getting my sweat on.n
Dwight: I build you this temple to the human body, and you're lifting what, five pounds?n
Darryl: I just did, like, 35 minutes on the treadmill.n
Dwight: I was watching you. You want to know how long it really was?n
Darryl: No.n
Dwight: Eight minutes!n
Darryl: Dude, I'm gonna be here all week, right? Five days a week, I figure I'll start slow.n
Dwight: Is that the same philosophy you apply to buffalo wings? [points] I want you to bring that same buffalo wing passion to this gym! I'm gonna make you look like Lebron James!n
Darryl: It's Lejon Brames.n
Dwight: That's what I said.n
Darryl: You know, get it right.n
Andy: [to Susan] Cameras...n
Robert: [enters] Oh, still here. Terrific.n
Susan: Andy and I had a great conversation. And I just want to let you know that I am not going to be working here.n
Robert: Well that's a shame.n
Andy: It just was one of those things-n
Susan: Is it? Because we talked about it and it seems like that might be what you want. Which is fine.n
Robert: Where did this come from? Did Andy say that?n
Susan: No, he did not, but I could tell he was struggling to understand what was expected of him.n
Robert: What's the struggle? He made a great call, hired a great person.n
Susan: You sure about that?n
Robert: Absolutely.n
Susan: No games?n
Robert: No games.n
Susan: Because Andy seemed to think there was some information he was not able to share with me.n
Robert: Okay, enough of this. I mean, really, enough. It's gotten way out of hand. Andrew, this is my wife. Whatever privacy you were trying to protect between us, I thank you for. But it is not welcome right now. Just be honest.n
Susan: Andy?n
Andy: Yes?n
Susan: Why do you keep looking at my husband?n
Robert: Andy, just answer the question.n
Andy: No games?n
Robert: No games.n
Andy: Okay. I mean, it was kind of funny, actually. Robert storms in and he says, "in four seconds, my wife's gonna be in here. I told her she could work here. Under no circumstances can that be allowed to happen." [laughs]n
Robert: Tell my wife you're lying.n
Andy: I am lying. I am a compulsive liar.n
Susan: That's not true, is it?n
Andy: No, it's not. I tell the truth most of the time and I was just telling the truth about your husband. Jim knows. He was there.n
Robert: This is preposterous.n
Susan: Robert...n
Robert: Let's get Jim in here. [Jim shoves out of fram in his chair, Robert looks for Jim] Where's Jim?n
Erin: He just rolled out and crawled out.n
Jim: [shoe falls while climbing ladder] Oh. Ow. Ow. Ow. [grunts] Creed. I was never here, all right?n
Creed: Okay. What about your friend?n
Dwight: This is my gym, my rules. You do exactly as I say, no questions asked.n
Darryl: Yeah, I'm gonna ask questions and I might not do what you say.n
Dwight: First thing, we're gonna stretch the pelvic bowl. Ready? Get down on the floor.n
Darryl: Okay, I'm not doing that.n
Dwight: Really? Too embarrassing for you? Huh? You wish that every exercise was strutting around the gym like the Fonz? Well how do you think the Fonz got so cool? He stretched his pelvic bowl!n
Gabe: I didn't know Darryl joined.n
Darryl: Looks that way.n
Robert: Hello Jim. [Jim tries to escape] n
Robert: So I think you know what we want to know.n
Jim: Do I?n
Robert: Yes.n
Jim: [mutters] I know, I do.n
Andy: Jim, I've had enough of your unhelpfulness.n
Jim: I really wish I could help. I'm not really sure how I can...n
Susan: For God's sake, did Robert tell you that he didn't want me working here?n
Jim: That's the thing. See, I didn't want to get in the middle of this. Still don't. But here's something: I feel that maybe, if we take a step back, this is a simple case of anxiety to work with a spouse.n
Andy: [laughs] I think we've got ourselves an answer.n
Robert: No.n
Andy: That makes complete sense. Thank you all for a wonderful day.n
Jim: Perfect!n
Susan: Jim...n
Jim: Yes?n
Susan: Answer the question, please.n
Jim: [sighs] I don't know what you want me to tell you. To be really honest, my wife works here. And I love it. She literally makes me work harder. She makes me smarter. She makes me remember why I'm here. And between us, she's on maternity leave right now, and I would love to leave this room and see her face. I would love it. I don't know how this helps, but it's just what I'm thinking.n
Robert: All right. Thanks.n
Jim: Yes. All right. Great. [leaves]n
Andy: Uh...n
Robert: Yeah.n
Susan: [Robert holds the door, she walks through] Thank you. [leaves]n
Susan: Andy.n
Andy: Hey, Mrs. California.n
Susan: Hey. Uh, I'm sorry about the position you were put in today.n
Andy: You know, honestly, we all wanted you to work there. Except for him. Especially me.n
Susan: Yeah, I thought we really hit it off.n
Andy: Yeah.n
Susan: Well, different circumstances.n
Andy: Yeah.n
Susan: Who knows?n
Andy: Who knows?n
Susan: Maybe after all this settles down... n
Andy: Totally.n
Susan: It's a date.n
Dwight: You're nothing! You're so weak, you call yourself a man? Huh?n
Darryl: This doesn't help me. I don't respond to that kind of strategy.n
Dwight: Okay, fine. Finish your set on your own and never come back to my gym again!n
Darryl: Dwight, come back and spot me.n
Dwight: All right, I'll help you. But first, you gotta tell me what your goal is. What do you want?n
Darryl: To push this bar up.n
Dwight: No! Because if that was the case, the bar would be up by now. What is your goal?n
Darryl: Help me!n
Dwight: What do you want!?! n
Darryl: To look good for Val!n
Dwight: Hey, what are you listening to?n
Erin: Um, where's the shower?n
Dwight: There is no shower.n
Kathy: There isn't?n
Dwight: What does this look like, a shower store? Get lost.n
Jim: Ok, so that's a disaster. Luckily have a two-part plan. One, run. Two, hide. It's pretty smart, right? [walks into Vance Refrigeration office] Hi, how you doing? I'm Jim Halpert from across the hall. We are redoing our supply closet and I was wondering if I could take a look at yours for some ideas.n
Bob's Secretary: Let me just check with Bob.n
Jim: You absolutely should. He said it was ok, so till you get him, I'll just be in, you know. [closes door behind him to supply closet]n
Andy: Ugh! He's always one step ahead of us! How does he do that?n
Mrs. California: This is insulting!n
Robert: This whole accusation is insulting. Come on.n</div>]
