Andy: [claps] Chef from South Park, it's genius!n
Kevin: The gorilla from Rise of the Planet of the Apes? Huh? The one who sacrifices his life.n
Andy: Whoa! Aw, spoiler alert.n
Kevin: It's been out for ages, man.n
Andy: Ah, it's, uh... somebody's already called that.n
Phyllis: Who?n
Kelly: This is ridiculous! Why can't there just be two Kate Middleton's?n
Andy: Guys, I know, I mean, I wish there could be, too. It's like, I can't choose. They're both amazing. It's just...n
Kelly: Look, I stayed up all night and I watched that gd wedding, and then I came to work and I made everyone else watch it all day. Meredith wasn't even here.n
Meredith: Because I was there. [shows Kelly her cell phone video] Your the people's princess! Diana was nothing!n
Andy: I thought you were at your sister's funeral.n
Andy: Um, can I, maybe, squeeze through?n
Erin: Here you go.n
Kevin: Jim, put it on.n
Darryl: Put it on, man.n
Jim: I don't know if I can.n
Kevin: Come on, the Three Amigos.n
Darryl: Three Kings.n
Ryan: [to Kelly] If you get into season 1, you can really...n
Kelly: [Dwight walks in] Oh my god, what the hell is wrong with you?n
Dwight: It's called a costume.n
Kelly: What are you, some kind of Jamaican zombie woman?n
Dwight: Ryan, will you please tell her who I am?n
Ryan: Whoopi Goldberg.n
Andy: G'day, Pameroo. Could you shoot this off for me?n
Pam: Yeah.n
Pam: [faxing, Erin watching over her shoulder] What are you doing?n
Erin: Oh, I just wanted to see how you do it, if you're doing something I don't.n
Pam: Oh. [sends fax, Erin nods] Are you...n
Erin: That Andy, so hot and cold. One day he's like, fax these documents, please. The next he's like, Pam, you fax them, who cares what Erin's feeling, right?n
Pam: Oh, Erin...n
Erin: Pam, how would you rate me as a receptionist on a scale of 1 to 3?n
Pam: Um, 2?n
Erin: That's like, the second to last thing I wanted to hear.n
Pam: No, I mean, you're doing great, and Andy put you in charge of the whole party, right?n
Erin: Yeah...n
Pam: Yeah.n
Phyllis: Bob and I are doing this Scranton Haunted Walking Tour.n
Oscar: I always wondered what kind of people went on that thing.n
Pam: Oh, hey, if you go by the Banshee Pub, tell the Man In Black I say hello.n
Oscar: [sigh] What happened, Pam?n
Pam: Okay. When I was 22, I worked there and everybody said the place was haunted. I didn't believe it until one day before we opened, I look up into the mirror, you know, behind the bar, and I see this old man dressed all in black, but when I turn around, there's no one there. So, I tell the cook my story...n
Phyllis: Wait, they have food there?n
Jim: Hey.n
Pam: Hey! n
Jim: Oh, this Man In Black thing, what do you think that was about?n
Pam: What do you mean?n
Jim: Was it, like, trickery in the lights, or maybe you were so primed to see it, then there it was?n
Pam: I saw a ghost.n
Jim: Mmhmm. No, but what I'm saying is, like, do you ever wonder what it was?n
Pam: It was a ghost, I told you this on, like, our first date.n
Jim: Yeah, I had just told you about the day that I met the Blue Angels. I figured you had to top it.n
Andy: Hey! Uh-oh, looks like we're under a Jack attack!n
Robert: Yes, Andrew. And you, on this day of fantasy, are a laborer.n
Andy: Yes.n
Robert: Everyone, this Bert, my son. Bert, this is... a paper company.n
[everyone greets Bert]n
Bert: Hello. Can I use a computer? I need to check a hurricane.n
Robert: Here, use this one. [walking to Jim's desk]n
[Jim shakes his head "no", Andy motions to him to "shh"]n
Robert: Oh, look, Pin The Wart On The Wench. How did you know I was bringing my son?n
Erin: Oh, I didn't. It was for us, but he can play. Bertie-boy, would you like to play this game?n
Bert: That stuff's for babies. n
Robert: Well, perhaps this party will awaken the baby in all of us.n
Robert: [laughing] Extraordinary. Did you plan this?n
Kelly: Well, Toby and I did, yeah.n
Gabe: And I overheard, and thought, hey, that'd be fun, don't mind if I do. n
Toby: If you turn out the lights we'll do a little dance.n
Kelly: 1, 2, 3! n
Gabe/Kelly/Toby: [singing and dancing] Dem bones, dem bones, dem tired bones, now we're the skeleton crew.n
Robert: [laughing and clapping] Delightful. n
Kelly: Thank you. [Gabe mumbles]n
Robert: Now then, how are we today?n
Kelly: Fine.n
Toby: Great.n
Robert: Just fine, Kelly? Everything alright?n
Kelly: Mmhmm.n
Robert: You feeling fulfilled in your life?n
Kelly: I guess.n
Robert: You guess? So, there is something you want that you do not have.n
Kelly: I try not to think about it.n
Robert: Because it's too terrifying to imagine. Now we're cooking. What is it, Kelly? What is this great fear of yours?n
Kelly: Never marrying.n
Robert: Yes. Dying alone, that is very scary. And how are you, Toby?n
Toby: So great.n</div>, <div class="quote">n[Angela takes the pumpking decoration off of the window]n
Erin: Oh, I put those up.n
Angela: I know. I'm taking them down.n
Phyllis: I almost wonder if putting nothing on this wall is more Halloween-y.n
Erin: I don't know about this, guys, Andy put me in charge of the Halloween party, so...n
Angela: Well, Andy sent us in here, so which is it?n
Erin: Oh.n
Bert: Very low pressure in the Sargasso Sea, warm air from South America, cold air from Greenland. All signs point to the perfect storm.n
Dwight: Yeah, perfectly mediocre.n
Bert: What are you, anyway?n
Dwight: I'm a Jamaican zombie woman, leave me alone, ghoul.n
Bert: If you had some really big wings with blades on the end, you'd kind of look like Kerrigan from Starcraft.n
Dwight: Damnit. I AM Kerrigan from Starcraft! I've been censored.n
Bert: If you're going to be a Zerg, at least be a Lurker, not some girl.n
Dwight: Kerrigan is ruler of the Zerg swarm!n
Bert: Yeah, she also has boobs.n
Erin: Hey.n
Andy: Hey. What's up?n
Erin: November's sure creeping up, ain't it? Can't stop that month!n
Andy: Yeah...n
Erin: Hey, what's the jive with Angela and Phyllis helping with the party, you know?n
Andy: Um, I just thought you could use some help, you know, because Robert came in and thought the party seemed a little kiddie, and I guess I agreed, and maybe we could mix a little more 13 into the PG.n
Erin: But that's it? There's nothing about me, or I?n
Andy: Can we talk about it at the end of the day? I gotta call, gotta make a call.n
Erin: Oh, yeah, sorry. Yes, we can.n
Erin: Gabe?n
Gabe: Sweetheart.n
Erin: Ixe2x80x99m throwing the Halloween Party and I just want to amp it up a little.  I think it could use some extra pizazz.n
Gabe: Ok where does Gabe factor in?n
Erin: Remember that Halloween party you took me to once?  The one where I started crying as soon as I walked in and I didnxe2x80x99t stop crying?n
Gabe: Yes.  Lars and Decoccoxe2x80x99sn
Erin: Ok.  Letxe2x80x99s say that I wanted this party to be a tiny, tiny bit like that one.  Justxe2x80xa6 more adultxe2x80xa6 morexe2x80xa6  scary and sexyn
Gabe: I will make this sexier than you could ever imagine.n
Erin: No xe2x80x93 just scary.  If we wanted ideas for scary stuff.n
Gabe: [laughs, eventually Erin joins him laughing] Oh that would be scary!n
Erin: What are you thinking?n
Pam: [answers phone] Pam Halpert.n
Jim: Hey itxe2x80x99s Jim Halpert.  I was wondering if you wanted to see a movie tonight.  Because Ixe2x80x99ve read a lot about this really great documentary.n
Pam: Is it called Ghostbusters?n
Jim: [laughs] Itxe2x80x99s called Ghostbusters.n
Pam: It didnxe2x80x99t look like that.n
Jim: It didnxe2x80x99t have a buster sign around him?  Why donxe2x80x99t you draw him?  Why donxe2x80x99t we see this whole thing.n
Pam: Ok fine Ixe2x80x99ll draw him. [hangs up phone and draws]n
Jim: I ainxe2x80x99t fraid of no ghost. [Pam holds up drawing of a hand with the middle finger raised] Whoa!n
Pam: Mmhmm.  Dwight are you eating a stick?n
Dwight: Itxe2x80x99s a root you idiot.n
Bert: Everyone hates you.n
Dwight: Thatxe2x80x99s really rude.  I donxe2x80x99t tell you hurricanes suck even though itxe2x80x99s true.n
Bert: What do you like?  Tornadoes?n
Dwight: Try influenza.n
Bert: Oh yeah?  Whatxe2x80x99s the vaccine you can take to avoid a hurricane?n
Dwight: Open up a newspaper.  Oh look a hurricanexe2x80x99s coming.  I suppose youxe2x80x99re going to tell me the scariest animal is a shark?n
Jim: You know thatxe2x80x99sxe2x80xa6n
Robert: What are we talking about?n
Jim: I was talking about my wife and how she believes in ghosts. And then we had a little debate and Meredith said she believes in them too.n
Robert: [to Kevin] You seem unimpressed.  Ghosts donxe2x80x99t scare you?n
Kevin: Ixe2x80x99m only scared of real things like serial killers and kidnappers.  Not things that donxe2x80x99t exist like ghosts or mummies.n
Oscar: Mummies are real.  There are mummies at museums.n
Kevin: Yeah [nervously]xe2x80xa6prankn
Jim: Party looks fun doesnxe2x80x99t it?  Everybody seems to be in there having a great time.  So maybe now would be a great time for me to pop back on the computer.n
Bert: Ixe2x80x99m using it.  Ixe2x80x99m about to play Starcraft with him [points to Dwight].n
Jim: [to Dwight] Are you serious?n
Dwight: Yeah Ixe2x80x99m serious.n
Jim: Thatxe2x80x99s funny.  Ok.n
Dwight: Loser.n
Oscar:  Hey guys.  Ixe2x80x99m an Oscar [gestures to face] liar [gestures to nametag saying xe2x80x9cRepresentative Weiner] weiner.n
Darryl: This partyxe2x80x99s tight.  The fog is cool.n
Erin:  Thanks.  Itxe2x80x99s on medium.n
Darryl: Perfect.n
Andy: It really looks great.  You did a great job.n
Erin: Oh, so we donxe2x80x99t have to have that talk.n
Oscar: [cuts back to a Happy Birthday cake gushing blood when cut into, a doll melts, a woman eats food and puckers her face] Is that my grandmother?n
Andy: Whatxe2x80x99s the story?n
Oscar: There is no story.n
Gabe: Yeah it seems like there isnxe2x80x99t a narrative. [on screen a man gets into a car]  Maybe the filmmaker realized that even narrative is comforting.n
Stanley: What the hell is going on here?n
Andy: I think wexe2x80x99ve seen enough.  You can turn it off now.  [everyone murmurs agreement] Yeah turn it off now.n
Stanley: How did you get in my car?n
Oscar: Where is this from?  That is so upsetting!n
Andy: That was awful.  Robert I apologize.n
Andy: What we have here is a classic misunderstanding.n
Robert: Why didnxe2x80x99t you simply ask Andy to clarify?  Asking is a very easy thing to do.  Youxe2x80x99re obviously very close. [Andy and Erin look awkwardly at each other and Robert].  Oh I see.  This no longer seems like my business [Robert sits].n
Erin: All I know is you wanted to have a talk with me and I got nervous soxe2x80xa6n
Robert: You were going to talk at the end of thexe2x80xa6 Ixe2x80x99m not here.n
Andy: Did you think I was going to fire you?  No I wasnxe2x80x99t.  [to Robert] Ixe2x80x99m sorry this must be really uncomfortable for you.n
Robert: Ixe2x80x99m never uncomfortable.n
Andy: Ok.  Erin I think you know Ixe2x80x99ve been dating someone.n
Erin: Sure.n
Andy: And itxe2x80x99s getting a little more serious.  Shexe2x80x99s never come by.n
Erin: And shexe2x80x99s never called here.  Unless itxe2x80x99s your mom.n
Andy: No I didnxe2x80x99t want her to call because I thought it would be weird.  But now itxe2x80x99s weird that shexe2x80x99s not calling.n
Erin: Two dates? Three dates?n
Andy: Thirty-one.n
Erin: Wow.  Ixe2x80x99m so happy for you guys.  Um let me know when you get to forty.  Ixe2x80x99ll see you guys.n
Darryl: I just don't get it, Pam. I mean, you're a rational person.n
Jim: [whispering] Thank you.n
Pam: Jim doesn't let me wash his NFL jersey during the playoffs. How is this any less logical?n
Jim: Careful, whoa. First of all, it's not like I think that's going to help the Eagles win. n
Pam: Really.n
Jim: No. That is just a bunch of people participating in a collective thing that maybe the Eagles will hear about and want to play better. It's not...n
Kevin: Exactly.n
Dwight: Go, get up there right now.n
Bert: Got it.n
Darryl: Dwight? n
Dwight: You wanna attack or let them come to us? Your call, B.n
Bert: Unleash the hellstorm.n
Darryl: Dwight.n
Dwight: [laughs] Nice.n
Darryl: Dwight!n
Phyllis: Is she Asian?n
Erin: I don't know. She's from somewhere, I bet. Maybe from the forest.n
Phyllis: Forest? Did Andy say his girlfriend's from the forest?n
Erin: I don't know, Phyllis. Maybe she's from the city.n
Robert: Looks terribly real, doesn't it, Creed?n
Creed: No...n
Robert: Are you scared of snakes?n
Jim: Like, a few years down the road, Cece says, "Mom, there's a ghost in my closet." Now, you say one of two things - one, "You're just having a bad dream," or two, "Let's go see what it was."n
Pam: I'm not gonna freak her out, Jim.n
Jim: Ok. n
Pam: I'm not gonna lie to her, either.n
Jim: Oh, come on! n
Robert: When I was a boy, there was an empty house just up the hill from my family's. It was rumored a man committed suicide there after being possessed by the devil. One day, a young woman, Lydia, moved into the house with her infant child. That very night, Lydia was awakened by a loud, heinous hissing sound. [hisses] She walked to the nursery, and there, in baby's crib, was a snake wrapped around baby's neck, squeezing tighter and tighter.n
Creed: Oh my goodness.n
Robert: The crib was full of dirt. Baby struggled to free itself from underneath, reaching and clawing, gasping for air. Embalmed bodies rose from their sarcophagi, lurching toward baby, for they were mummies.n
Kevin: Nooo!n
Robert: Amongst them was a man, tall, slim.n
Meredith: Jim. [rolls eyes]n
Robert: Almost instinctively, she turned to her husband. "Oh, wait," she thought, "I don't have a husband." For Lydia and her husband had had an argument, one they couldn't get past. Each night, they slept one inch farther apart, until one night, Lydia left. It was about this time she lost herself in imaginary worlds. She had quit the book club, the choir, citing something about their high expectations. Her lips slowly grew together from disuse. Everytime she wanted to act and didn't, another part of her face hardened, until it was stone. And that fevered night, she rushed to the nursery, threw open the door, "Baby, are you okay?" Baby sat up slowly, turned to mother and said, "I'm fine, b!tch, I'm fine."n
Robert: Fear plays an interesting role in our lives. How dare we let it motivate us. How dare we let it into our decision making, into our livelihoods, into our relationships. It's funny, isn't it, we take a day a year to dress up in costume and celebrate fear.n</div>, <div class="quote">n
Bert: Toby?n
Toby: Oh, hey, Bert. Wanna see the dance? Dem bones, dem bones, dem dry...n
Bert: You're fired.n
Toby: ...bones. What?n
Bert: You heard me. Pack your things. n
Toby: What... you can't... Gabe? Are you...n
Angela: Oh, no.n
Jim: Pink is the red-n
Robert: What are we talking about?n
Jim: I was talking about my wife, and how she believes in ghosts. And then we had a little debate. Meredith said she believes in them too.n
Robert: Have you seen a ghost?n
Meredith: Seen and banged.n
Oscar: Hmph.n
Meredith: Ok, I met him in a bar, right? There's something weird about him. He doesn't smell right, the clothes are all tattered and dirty and from another age. Anyways, we end up back and my place and we go at it all night-n
Oscar: Meredith, don't.n
Robert: No, no. I'm very comfortable with all things sexual. Continue.n
Meredith: I wake up the next morning, all my stuff's gone. Whole house turned over. No trace. You tell me what happened.n
Robert: Have you considered the possibility that you slept with a drifter?n
Bert: What are you anyway?n
Dwight: I'm a Jamaican zombie woman. Leave me alone, ghoul.n
Bert: I'm a zombie from Walking Dead. It's a show.n
Dwight: Uh, I know what it is. Ok? I have like a thousand people over every week to watch it. Ok? We all kinda hate it though.n
Bert: Who's your favorite character?n
Stanley: If ghosts are real, how come everyone knows what they look like? It's not like a bunch of people got together and agreed on a lie.n
Pam: Thank you.n
Oscar: Interesting. Every culture holds this true. Clearly, there's some sort of real phenomenon out there...n
Jim: Oscar, how are you on that side?n
Pam: This isn't about sides. This is about me seeing a blueish gray old man in the mirror and then he vanishes.n
Creed: Pam, this is important. Was he me? Am I him?n
Pam: No, Creed.n
Jim: But that would make more sense. [Pam sighs]n</div>]
