Andy: Who's excited to get their holiday wishes?n
Stanley: Holiday wishes.n
Andy: What's that, Stanley?n
Stanley: We know exactly what holiday you're referring to.n
Andy: It is important to be mindful of all belief systems at our holiday party.n
Meredith: What is the status on my wish?n
Andy: Fulfilled! Brought my bicycle, so I can be your designated driver later. In the event that you drink to much, which is by no means required.n
Dwight: What about my wish that we don't have to attend meetings that degrade our sense of adulthood?n
Andy: That, I cannot do, but I did get you an acre of property on the moon.n
Dwight: Where? Dark side or light side?n
Andy: Light side.n
Dwight: Is it by the Sea of Tranquility?n
Andy: As a matter of fact, yes. Directly adjacent....beachfront.n
Dwight: Thank you, Andy.n
Andy: So, who's wish is next? Oh, what about Santa's wish? My biggest wish is that you all get along well with Jessica....C'mon guys, Jessica?...Jim, tell 'em who Jessica is.n
Jim: She's not your grandmother, is she?n
Andy: Ugh! Gam-gam's name is Ruth, Jim, you should know. I introduced you on speakerphone that time?n
Jim: Yeah.n
Andy: Jessica is my super serious girlfriend, who is seriously awesome and seriously sexy. Only thing that's not serious, by the way? Our repartee.n
Creed: That's great. When you know you know. Hey, what's Ruth's deal, man?n
Kelly: I just want you to know that I will be mean to Jessica if you want me to be.n
Erin: Oh no, no. It's fine, Kelly.n
Kelly: It's really no problem. I was already planning on being mean to her.n
Erin: That's OK, I don't want you to do that.n
Robert: [laughing] Hello, ah. Merry Christmas, Erin. Kelly, Happy Pancha Ganapati.n
Kelly: Eww, what is that?n
Robert: The five day Hindu celebration in December honoring the god Ganesh, Patron of the Arts.n
Kelly: Cool.n
Kevin: Hey, man.n
Robert: Hey! [Kevin embraces Robert in a tight hug] Oh!n
Kevin: How ya holdin' up...because of your wife leaving you?n
Oscar: Kevin?n
Robert: I actually appreciate the human intimacy. Feel like a kitten being cradled by a gorilla.n
Kevin: Yeah.n
Robert: It's been ten days since I had sexual intercourse.n
Andy: Well you came to the right place....Ah, this, this party'll cheer you right up.n
Robert: I hope so. The corporate party was wretched. I am so tired of the Black Eyed Peas. It's rock-n-roll for people who don't like rock-n-roll. It's rap for people who don't like rap. It's pop for people who don't like pop.....ah, heartbreaking. [gestures to Andy in Santa costume]n
Andy: Well, I hate to have to take my Santa hat off, and put on my hard ass hat. [puts on baseball cap that has a foam rear-end on it with the words xe2x80x9cHARD ASSxe2x80x9d] But, this is serious. It's come to my attention that somebody who shall remain nameless, wants to switch desk clumps.n
Dwight: Fine with me. Jim can leave anytime he wants. Goodbye.n
Jim: It wasn't me.n
Andy: It wasn't either of you.n
Jim: Kathy wants to leave our clump?n
Andy: Sh sh sh sh! Don't look. Who it was is not important...but she did say that your constant pranking and one-upsmanship is driving her crazy. She or he.n
Dwight: I just wanna say, this is not my fault. OK? The weak always bully the strong. Contrary to what you see in the media. I am always acting in self-defense. Occasionally preemptive self-defense. [punches Jim in the arm]n
Jim: Ow, What are you doing? [Jim fights back]n
Andy: Hey! Hey! Respect the hat!n
Jim: Pam never seemed to have a problem with us.n
Andy: Alright. I'm gonna speak in a language you both understand....Mo-nay.n
Jim: What was that?n
Dwight: What is it?n
Andy: Money....You both have sizable Christmas bonuses coming your way. If I catch either of you messing with the other, I will give both bonuses to the other person.n
Jim: Can't do that.n
Dwight: No, absolutely not.n
Jessica: Hi. I'm Jessica. I'm looking for Andy?n
Erin: Jessica. Yes. We don't say hi, we hug. [gets up and hugs Jessica] I'm Erin.n
Jessica: Oh! [laughs] Oof!n
Erin: Sorry, hi, I hope you feel really welcome, we all want you here.n
Andy: Hey! Jess, Erin, I hope you're not talking about my penis. [laughs and kisses Jessica on the cheek] Hi.n
Jessica: Hi.n
Andy: Hey everyone! I want you to meet Jessica, she is an assistant cross country coach at Bryn Mawr.n
Erin: Wow.n
Andy: Erin, by the way, amazing receptionist.n
Jessica: Oh, that's great. Backbone of the office.n
Erin: Which is funny, actually, because my spine is a mess.n
Andy: What?n
Jessica: Oh.n
Erin: Scoliosis. Had to wear a back brace for three years but I never did. [Jessica laughs, Erin exaggerates back curve]n
Andy: Oh no.n
Jessica: Ah..[laughs]n
Andy: Ut oh, it's kicking in. Spontaneous scoliosis.n
Jessica: Spontaneous scoliosis. [both laugh]n
Darryl: This thing could take your arm off, your head off, you know, just exercise caution.n
Val: Thank you.n
Darryl: Alright.n
Val: Alright.n
Darryl: Oh yeah, and um there's a Christmas party upstairs tonight, wanted to tell you about.n
Val: Isn't that just for popsicles?n
Darryl: Popsicles?n
Val: Yeah, upstairs people? Cause you got a stick up your butt?n
Nate: Ah! See, I, I, I thought it was because they're so rich they could all eat popsicles all the time. [laughs] I, in my, I...n
Darryl: Well you should definitely come. The foreman always comes. Plus it's fun, you know cookies, smoked fish, alcohol, people acting stupid.n
Nate: You had me at xe2x80x9cclookies.xe2x80x9d I can't wait to find out what they are.n
Val: What should I wear?n
Darryl: Oh, it's nice, it's real nice. People get dressed up.n
Robert: Erin, what can I get for you?n
Erin: Uh, do you have cola? Kirkland if you have it.n
Robert: Now why would you come to a bar and ask for a cola when you can get some from the kitchen? Did some small part of you want something a little stronger? Ryan, Kevin, Phyllis, Oscar, come and take these shots!n
Ryan: Yes!n
Oscar: Yes!n
Ryan: Will do.n
Robert: The fifth one is for you, Erin. You could take it or leave it. To take it would be to accept that you're at a party and you're an adult woman, with an adventurous spirit. To leave it would be fine too.n
Phyllis: One, two three! [group takes shots]n
Kevin: Yes.n
Erin: OK. [takes shot, group laughs]n
Robert: Mmm. Wow.n
Erin: Whoo! Jiminy Christmas!n
Robert: Jiminey Christmas indeed.n
Erin: Hit 'er up.n
Robert: Oh.n
Kevin: Oh yes.n
Ryan: Whoo!n
Erin: Yeah! [laughs]n
Ryan: But look, it's Christmas, so you're allowed...[Val walks in dressed very formally] whoa, hello. Um, you're allowed to do...n
Darryl: I meant dressed up compared to normal. You usually dress like a ghost-buster.n
Val: OK.n
Darryl: I thought you'd wear a sweater.n
Val: Since when does a sweater mean xe2x80x9cdressed upxe2x80x9d? Am I your grandson?n
Darryl: Come on, stay, alright? It's good for people to get to know you.n
Erin: [imitating Stanley] I want.. my sugar free cookie, and then I want a sugar cookie. [group laughs] and then I want my nap!n
Stanley: That's right. [laughs]n
Erin: Whoo! [group laughs] Thank you.n
Robert: She, she is remarkable.n
Andy: Edgy impressions.n
Erin: Thank you.n
Andy: How many drinks have you had tonight? I can't be driving everybody home.n
Erin: A thousand.n
Andy: Whoa! Maybe you should take a break.n
Dwight: Ah! I've been attacked! Oh my god! Oh! Someone put a porcupine in my drawer!n
Toby: Oh my god.n
Dwight: Yeah, I was just sitting here at my desk and I, I reached into my drawer to grab my toothbrush and some tooth powder and, and all of a sudden I was attacked by this blood thirsty rabid creature!n
Jim: I wonder, in this office, who has access to a porcupine?n
Dwight: Or who in this office knows that I have access and is trying to set me up?n
Jim: Hmm...n
Angela: Toby! Nobody cares about your sex-crazed black detective.n
Toby: No, no, no, no, no. Women chase him. He misses his wife.n
Dwight: Hello? Lacerated hand here folks.n
Jim: Nice try, this is ridiculous.n
Dwight: Oh is it really? Two separate times you have set me up to believe I was being recruited by the CIA.n
Jim: Three times.n
Dwight: You see?n
Andy: Jim, this has your fingerprints all over it.n
Jim: Andy, you've gotta be kidding me.n
Toby: Fingerprints can be planted. You know with a severed hand...n
Kelly: Do you think that's what happened? Do you think he used a severed hand?n
Jim: OK, you know what? Why don't we just call animal control...n
Dwight: Might wanna run that by Angela cause it's so cute.n
Angela: No. Porcupines don't have souls. They're like dogs.n
Jim: [on phone] Yes, I'm calling from Dunder Mifflin. We have a very rabid porcupine in our office, someone should come pick it up.n
Dwight: Come down right away!n
Jim: [on phone]Uh, I don't know, let me ask. [to Dwight] Uh, were you quilled?n
Dwight: Yes, I was quilled.n
Jim: And what's it's name?n
Dwight: Henrietta.n
Jim: Oops. [hangs up]n
Andy: What? ...Alright, get her out of here, Dwight.n</div>, <div class="quote">n[Dynamite by Taio Cruz plays in the background]n
Erin: Hey, guys. I just wanted to say. Come here! I'm so happy you guys are together. OK? [Andy and Jessica laugh] And you both have such beautiful hair.n
Jessica: [laughs] Thank you.n
Erin: I hope you guys get married....and who knows? Maybe at the wedding, I meet someone.n
Andy: OK!n
Erin: And later on tonight, I hope I see you guys kiss. [blows kisses and pushes Andy and Jessica's faces together.] Ah! [laughs] OK, well I'm gonna go do another reverse spit. That's how the cool kids say xe2x80x9cget a drinkxe2x80x9d. [blows kisses and dances away]n
Jessica: That's uh, that's the girl you dated.n
Andy: Um, yeah, she's not always like that. It's um...n
Jessica: No, she, she seems fine.n
Andy: Yeah, uh, excuse me.n
Jessica: OK.n
Andy: Yep. [leaves Jessica to talk to Erin] Hey!n
Erin: Hey.n
Andy: Have you had anything to eat besides candy canes?n
Erin: Every martini has an olive.n
Andy: OK...maybe I should make you some oatmeal or something.n
Kevin: I don't wanna put you out, but if someone's making oatmeal, I'll take a apple cinnamon and a maple brown sugar in one bowl with whole milk.n
Erin: Hey, I never told you my Christmas wish.n
Andy: Ah, OK.n
Erin: It's about you.n
Andy: That's not what it should be, it should just be like a trinket or something.n
Erin: [slurring slightly] It's that I wish Jessica was dead.n
Andy: You you, wait. You mean you wish she wasn't here or something.n
Erin: I wish she was in a graveyard! Under the ground...with worms coming out of her mouth.n
Andy: Hey, you know, you can't say that, OK? That's my girlfriend that you're talking about. You and I are not together anymore. You need to get over it! Take your wish back.n
Erin: Too late! It's already been wished! And you promised it would come true. You wrote it in an email! So, which one are you? A murderer or a liar? [Andy leaves]n
Kevin: Hey.n
Erin: Hey.n
Phyllis: You know, don't listen to what anyone is saying. You look like a, a princess.n
Andy: I swear...n
Jessica: Did you not...n
Andy: I was too embarrassed! [group laughs]n
Jim: Hey guys, sorry to interrupt, I uh, just found this on my desk. [shows picture of Cici with devil doodles] Need to talk to somebody about it. Can you believe that?n
Phyllis: Is that Cici?n
Jim: Yes. It is.n
Andy: Um.n
Phyllis: That's awful.n
Andy: Cici is Jim's daughter.n
Jessica: Oh my god. How could somebody do that?n
Jim: I know, I mean the way I see it is you can deface any picture of me, any one, pick one. Not my kid though.n
Oscar: Who did this? Who did this? Do you know who did this?n
Jim: I don't-n
Andy: I know who did this....Dwight.n
Phyllis: Dwight?n
Jim: Yeah.n
Andy: Dwight.n
Oscar: No!n
Phyllis: He should pay.n
Andy: Yeah. He is gonna pay. This is fire-able.n
Jim: O...K.n
Andy: It's, I mean.n
Jim: Let me just see that one more time. Yep, you know what? I know who my friends are, now. But I shouldn't have got you involved because the truth is, I don't even really care about this picture, itxe2x80x99s a little out of focus. It was probably an accident, right? Like...n
Oscar: That's no accident.n
Jim: Right. You're right. So maybe it was me who did it...by accident.n
Phyllis: What?n
Oscar: What?n
Jim: I'll figure it out, get to the bottom of it....Merry merry.n</div>, <div class="quote">n[Christmas Time is Here by Vince Guaraldi Trio is playing in the background]n
Jim: You alright, Santa?n
Andy: You know those movies where two friends are sleeping together and it's like, hey, can they stay friends?n
Jim: Yes.n
Andy: Do you think two friends who are not sleeping together can stay friends?n
Jim: Two friends who are not sleeping together, can they remain friends? Yes, yeah.n
Andy: No...I don't, hmm, I don't know.n
Jim: OK.n
Andy: By the way, I'm not gonna mess with you and Dwight's bonuses. I think it's causing more problems. So just be yourselves, have fun, and try not to let it affect your work.n
Jim: Alright. I will definitely do that.n
Andy: Alright, I'll tell Dwight.n
Jim: You know what? You're sitting, and thinking, and it's probably better if it comes from me anyway.n
Andy: Christmas miracles do happen.n
Ryan: You can't click on these Kardashian links, that's why you have so many viruses.n
Kelly: Well help me, OK? Just, uh take...n
Ryan: I'm trying but you need to-n
Erin: Hey.n
Kelly: Yo.n
Erin: Game on.n
Jessica: [group laughing] I don't know what I was thinking, it was awful...n
Erin: I would like another alcohol.n
Robert: Let's you and I take a walk. Oscar, you're in charge of the bar.n
Robert: Your heart is broken. So is mine.n
Erin: And...n
Robert: And what?n
Erin: And you have any advice or anything?n
Robert: No [laughs] my god.n
Erin: ...Help me feel better...n
Nate: When you do your makeup,n
Jessica: Uh huh.n
Nate: How long you, does it take usually? Cause...n
Toby: xe2x80xa6..Chad Flendermen's kryptonite. [Darryl walks up to Toby and Val in a tuxedo]n
Creed: Whoa. We got a real Clarence Thomas here.n
Jessica: I'll see you at home?n
Andy: OK great.n
Jessica: OKn
Andy: Perfect.n
Jessica: Bye [kiss]...I still don't get why you can't just call her a cab and pay for it.n
Andy: I would, it just, that wasn't the holiday wish.n
Jessica: Ohn
Meredith: Either he drives or I drive. Now I'm drunk and mad.n
Jessica: OK [laughs] Bye.n
Andy: OK, bye. [helps Meredith off the floor] Alright Meredith,n
Meredith: Thank you Santa.n
Andy: Let's go, let's go.n
Meredith: I know, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm coming.n
Andy: Hang on.n
Meredith: Alright. [Andy opens back of her van, things fall out]n
Andy: What?n
Meredith: Whoa! My stuff!n
Andy: What is all that?n
Meredith: It's my valuables!n
Andy: It's junk!n
Meredith: This is my treasures, no they're my treasures!n
Andy: You're a hoarder. My god!n
Meredith: No I'm not, I'm gonna sell it on Ebay! No no no, you be careful. Be careful.n
Andy: Ah! My Santa suit's stuck.n
Meredith: Where are we? This ain't my street.n
Andy: Sh, sh, sh, sh, shh.n
Meredith: Ah, this is the posh part of town, huh?n
Andy: Oh my god.n
Meredith: Wonder what a studio condo would cost in this neighborhood?n
Andy: Meredith, shut your drunk hole right now.n
Robert: Erin, it was great fun tonight. Take a few aspirin and a whole lot of water, sleep in in the morning.n
Erin: Thank you, goodnight.n
Meredith: What are you smiling for? You thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?n
Andy: I'm sure I am not. Let's get you home.n
Meredith: Ow! Take it easy.n
Dwight: [yawns, xe2x80x9cIdiotxe2x80x9d is written on his forehead] Ah, man. Ah, fell asleep, took a nap. Hey guys, ah I feel refreshed now. How's it goin?n
Oscar: Dwight.n
Robert: Where can I get a drink? Oh...n
Andy: Oh, uh. Well, we thought we wouldn't put the alcohol out till 11AM. It's just...common...decency.n
Meredith: Cake?...You seem a little down.n
Robert: I am. [laughs] I'm a mess.n
Meredith: How about I fix you some warm milk with some bourbon?n
Robert: Oh, that sounds nice.n
Meredith: Maybe watch a movie...under a blanket...n
Robert: Lovely. Wait, where is this taking place?n
Meredith: The Murphy bed of my basement.n
Andy: It's come to my attention that someone, who shall remain nameless, wants to switch desk clumps.n
Jim: Cathy wants to leave our clump?n
Dwight: Hey. Enjoy your new clump.n
Kathy: Thanks.n
Dwight: It's so much closer to the bathroom, right?n
Kathy: Yeah.n
Dwight: Uh huh.n
Jim: Sorry it didn't work out. Hope you find what you're looking for.n
Kathy: No, I just have more room.n
Jim: That's ok.n
Erin: [talking loudly] Sorry guys, Jim! This package came for you, do you want me to put it on your desk?n
Kevin: This.n
Andy: Ryan, for your holiday wish, you wanted ten sick days.n
Ryan: I'd be satisfied with eight.n
Andy: Well I'll do you one better.n
Ryan: Nine?n
Andy: I got you health insurance.n
Ryan: Oh, neat.n
Andy: Yeah! Right? But with great perks come great responsibility, so I'm gonna be expecting a lot more from you...no more zoning out in your office.n
Ryan: Oh, great.n
Andy: Yes!n</div>]
