Darryl: So how was the drive in?n
Phyllis: Oh, nobody knows how to drive in the rain.n
Darryl: You don't say?n
Phyllis: Oh, the plants are gonna love this.n
Phyllis: I actually sleep better when it's raining.n
Oscar: Time's almost up. How many are left?n
Pam: Just one. "This weather makes me want to stay at home, curled up with a good book."n
Darryl: Phyllis. This rain... does it make you wanna be doing something?n
Phyllis: What do you mean?n
Pam: You know, like aren't some things just so nice and cozy in the rain?n
Jim:  Hey, come on.n
Phyllis: Lots of things are cozy in the rain.n
Andy: [singing] My girlfriend's back and there's gonna be trouble-n
Andy &amp; Erin: Hey la, hey la...n
Andy: ...my girlfriend's back!n
Erin: [simultaneously] ...his girlfriend's back! [others cheer and applaud]n
Andy: Anyway, I know it's the end of the day. We just wanted to stop by and say hi.n
Kevin: Welcome home.n
Erin: Thank you.n
Andy: Hey, Kev.n
Kevin: Yeah.n
Andy: Nice sweater.n
Kevin: [wearing a Cornell sweater] Thank you. Nellie was nice enough to give it to me. She's sweet. I just wish there was pockets.n
Andy: What happened to old salty?n
Andy: Okey dokey. [knocks on door]n
Nellie: Yes?n
Andy: Whoa. Well, you must be the famous Nellie Bertram I've been hearing all about. I am the famous Andy Bernard you've been hearing all about.n
Nellie: Oh yes.n
Andy: I just want to thank you for jumping in and minding the store during my temporary absence.n
Nellie: You are most welcome.n
Andy: Anyway, now that I'm back, I would love to have my office back, whenever you get a chance.n
Nellie: No.n
Andy: Obviously, we'll figure out the, uh, logistics of moving all this stuff out of here. But, you know, the sooner the better.n
Nellie: Mm-hmm.n
Andy: Get back to normalcy.n
Ravi: ...and then just lay him in his crib, and then bicycle his legs. And then after Jim quiets down, you do the same thing with your baby. [Pam, Jim and Kelly laugh] But if he keeps having problems, just give me a call.n
Pam: Oh my gosh, thank you so much. But seriously, we don't want to bother you any more than we already have.n
Jim: That's it.n
Pam: Ravi, our amazing pediatrician, was asking us if we knew any girls and I said I know the perfect girl.n
Jim: Yep. Because Kelly is Indian and... oh, that's it.n
Pam: [talks over flashbacks] Kelly has been a handful in the past.n
Kelly: [cries, slams fist on desk] Why?n
Pam: [Ryan and Kelly make out in the nook] But she's had a bad influence. She's like an addict. [Ryan and Kelly argue] And I just had to get her clean.n
Ryan: Um, also, little tip, never shake the baby.n
Jim: Sorry, just to be clear, you're saying do NOT shake the baby.n
Ryan: Don't shake the baby. Um, a lot of times, parents get frustrated 'cause the baby's crying and they shake the baby. And you got to, um, you can't do that.n
Pam: Don't shake our baby?n
Ryan: Yeah.n
Pam: Okay. I'd never heard that before. So, thank you.n
Ryan: Oh, my God.n
Pam: Yeah, I'm glad you said something.n
Ryan: Hey, um, what's the deal with this guy? He's really into Kelly, huh?n
Pam: Yeah, they're really great together.n
Ryan: Maybe we weren't right together, but... it's weird. I'd rather she be alone than with somebody. Is that love?n
Robert: Nellie! You've been terrific in your interim capacity. But, Andrew is the rightful manager so if you would just give him his office-n
Nellie: No.n
Robert: I'm sorry?n
Andy: This is what I was trying to tell you.n
Robert: I'm not accustomed to people saying no to me. [laughs]n
Nellie: Well, Bobby, get accustomed to it because then it feels so good when they finally say yes.n
Nellie: I'm gonna count down from five and if you are not out of my office, I'm going to dock your pay one hundred dollars.n
Andy: [chuckling] Okay.n
Nellie: Five... four...n
Andy: You can't dock my pay-n
Nellie: Angela! Dock Andy's pay one hundred dollars.n
Angela: On it!n
Andy: Great. Five, four, three, two, one. Angela, please dock Nellie's pay a hundred dollars. Angela?n
Nellie: Do you want to go again?n
Andy: Angela?n
Nellie: Let's go again. Five... four...n
Andy: Ooh, she's counting again.n
Nellie: Three... two... one...n
Andy: Oh, oh!n
Nellie: Angela, two hundred dollars!n
Angela: You got it.n
Andy: I got a little bit of an anger problem. Got me in some trouble a couple years ago.n
Nellie: I know what, let's go... ten thousand dollars! [Andy laughs] Five... four...n
Andy: You're just saying numbers. It's meaningless.n
Nellie: Three...n
Andy: It's literally like-n
Erin: Hey. So last night was so not a big deal.n
Andy: Oh, yeah, I was just tired.n
Erin: We both were. Plus, I was definitely not my normal sexy self.n
Andy: Whoa. No. Are you kidding? You were so sexy. Just the thought of you last night, like, crazy turns me on. It just didn't last night.n
Erin: Really. It's not a big deal.n
Ryan: I found this the other day while I was journaling and they reminded me of you.n
Kelly: Oh, those are from our weekend at the time share.n
Ryan: Yeah, the fractional ownership property. [sigh] Oh, we took this one right before we got in that huge fight.n
Kelly: God I don't even remember what that fight was about.n
Erin: When you lost the manager job-n
Dwight: Yes?n
Erin: Did it affect you outside of the office?n
Dwight: How?n
Erin: I don't know what the technical term is... Penial softiosis?n
Dwight: Erin, I am so glad that you trusted me. You came to the exact right person for this. No, I have never once experienced anything remotely like that. Never.n
Erin: Oh, okay.n
Dwight: Okay?n
Erin: Okay.n
Dwight: Washington Monument.n
Erin: Oh.n
Dwight: Eiffel Tower.n
Pam: I saw you were getting along with Ryan again.n
Kelly: He's so sweet. He pointed to my latte and he said, "Kelly, that will be the color of our children."n
Pam: Yeah, he's so great. Remember how it felt when he cheated on you though?n
Dwight: Oh, and Andy lost his masculinity, so congratulations on that.n
Nellie: What do you mean?n
Nellie: Okay, I would like to invite everyone into the conference room.n
Andy: You can't call a meeting. [laughs] But I would like to have a meeting in the conference room right now! So let's get in the conference room. Thank you. Good. Thank you for coming to my meeting.n
Nellie: Okay, if you would like to take a seat we can get started.n
Andy: Oh! Can't do it 'cause I gotta run a meeting. So.n
Nellie: No.n
Andy: Wanted to talk to all of you guys about [reads whiteboard] importance... and know that each and every one of you is vitally important.n
Robert: Andrew, not everyone here is important. And the word is "impotence."n
Nellie: This meeting is not about any one person in particular. It is a human problem.n
Dwight: It's not just a human problem. Flounders frequently experience impotence, especially when converting from male to female and then back again to male.n
Oscar: Nellie, does the person affected by this want us to help her in any way in particular?n
Nellie: Oh, oh, it's not me. No, no. I've never had any problem in that arena. And I have been with several older men.n
Robert &amp; Creed: [in unison] How old?n
Creed: Jinx. Buy me some Coke.n
Nellie: Dwight told me about it earlier.n
Erin: Dwight!n
All: What?n
Erin: You promised!n
Kevin: Dwight couldn't get it up for Nellie?n
Dwight: No, no, no, no, no, It's not me. I'm gonna prove it right here and now. [thrusts his pelvis]n
Angela: What are you doing?n
Oscar: What is this?n
Angela: Stop that! Dwight! Stop that, stop it.n
Andy: Every guy in this room has been touched by this affliction. Tuna? T-dog?n
Jim: Um...n
Darryl: Uh... I have other issues. I'm terrible at math. Overweight. You- you're in great shape. A lot better shape than I am, tell you what.n
Robert: It seems Andy is the only one with this problem. Fascinating.n
Andy: Fascinating.n
Gabe: I don't really see what the problem is. Erin doesn't even like sex, remember? You said it feels like getting tackled by a skeleton.n
Nellie: Chumbo, come on, help me out. Any problems with Little Chumbo?n
Kevin: Tip-top shape.n
Nellie: Oh... Stanley?n
Stanley: No. Um-um.n
Nellie: Creed, you are a thousand years old.n
Creed: Haven't heard any complaints. Wouldn't care if I did.n
Andy: Okay, so I-n
Pam: Actually Andy, I think maybe we experienced it.n
Jim: What happened?n
Pam: That a couple of times-n
Jim: Couple of times.n
Robert: Jim, maybe you could tell us about one of those times.n
Dwight: Yeah Jim.n
Andy: Yeah Jim, get it out there.n
Jim: Um... I don't... Uh, yes, that time that it was very late. Uh, we'd had sex so many times already, I was exhausted...n
Pam: Okay, stop.n
Jim: I was very drunk.n
Gabe: I've read- and I don't know anything about this personally- but they say prostate stimulation can help.n
Angela: Ugh.n
Gabe: This is just, uh- This American Life, I think I heard it on.n
Robert: No, that's absolutely the case.n
Gabe: I know, right?n
Dwight: You know, my rectal electro-ejaculator is rated for bovine use only but I could let you rent it.n
Robert: Andy, why don't you tell us about the best erection of your life? Or does anyone else have any remarkable erections they'd like to share? [Creed, Kevin and Meredith raise their hands]n
Kevin: Ooh, ooh!n
Jim: Wow, what are we talking about?n
Erin: Toby, doesn't HR have some rules against talking about this kind of stuff?n
Toby: Erin, HR is a joke. I can't do anything about anything.n
Andy: [on the phone] Dad, don't think of it as a demotion. Just think of it as a promotion to a lower level. I don't think you have to tell your friends anything. It hasn't been decided yet.n
Nellie: Erin, on phone memos you're writing the date American style. Month, day, year. I prefer it day, month, year. Small, bigger, biggest. Oh, sexual innuendo. Not intentional.n
Erin: Shut up. Shut up! I am sick of your dumb opinions. And if you don't like the way that I take phone messages, here! [throws phone] Take 'em yourself!n
Andy: Oh, and another thing! Our sex life is none of your businesses!n
Erin: And Andy is the manager, not Nellie!n
Andy: Stop protecting me! I'm a man- I can protect myself! This is misdirected anger and I'm sorry! I don't mean to lash out at you! There's a lot coming up right now, all at once! [into phone] Dad go to hell, I'm taller than you!n
Nellie: Okay, just calm down.n
Andy: You are not the manager. I earned that job. I was personally chosen after Robert was chosen and quit.n
Robert: Andy, why don't you just take a seat?n
Andy: Why don't you take a seat, you idiot? [throws chair]n
Erin: And why don't you take all your stupid memos and your stupid pens and your dumb caramels?n
Andy: And your stupid face! [grabs Nellie's photo off the wall and smashes it on the ground] And your stupid office! [punches hole in the wall] Ah!n
Erin: Maybe we'll get sent to anger management together.n
Andy: That would actually be cool. I'd love for you to meet some of the guys.n
Ryan: Hey, I hear you been bad-mouthing me to Kelly.n
Pam: All I did was remind her that you used to treat her badly.n
Ryan: Well that's your opinion and it's her opinion, but it's not my opinion. If you have something bad to say to me, Pam, say it to my face.n
Pam: Fair enough. Um... I don't think you're a very good person. And forgive me, but I feel like I've said this to you before: I don't like you very much.n
Ryan: Well a lot of people would say that I'm a better match for Kelly than Ravi is.n
Oscar: Oh come on, Ryan. Really? Ravi's way better.n
Ryan: For Kelly?n
Kevin: Yeah. Man, you're insane right now. Ravi's the whole package.n
Nate: I've never met Ravi personally, but I'm gonna go ahead and say, just having knowing you a short while, Brian, that I prefer Ravi. And again, I've never even met the guy.n
Ryan: Kelly, I wrote you the most amazing love poem. But I can't even read it. My heart couldn't handle it.n
Pam: Oh, no, no, no.n
Oscar: Oh, come on.n
Pam: Read it, please. I love amazing poetry.n
Ryan: No. It would cause me too much pain.n
Pam: Read through the pain. Be strong.n
Ryan: This poem would crush you!n
Oscar: Ryan, go away! She found herself a beautiful boyfriend!n
Kevin: Yeah, man, he's absolutely gorgeous! Please leave her alone.n
Robert: Andy, we're going to go with Nellie as manager and put you back on the sales team. I promise you, in time, we'll all laugh about this incident. I already think it's kind of funny. [chuckles]n
Andy: No.n
Robert: Excuse me?n
Andy: I'm saying no.n
Robert: Well you can't say no.n
Pam: [sees Ryan on the horse] Oh, boo! Boo! Boo to you! Boo!n
Ryan: You are toxic! You are toxic!n
Pam: Boo!n
Jim: Hey, hey. Okay.n
Ryan: Kelly, I have a few things to say to you, so please don't interrupt.n
Kelly: I wasn't going to interrupt.n
Ryan: Well you do a lot, so just don't. Thank you. I know that I haven't always treated you the way that you, for whatever reason, feel you deserve to be treated. But I want to marry you, Kelly Kapoor. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but someday, and probably.n
Pam: Barf! Ugh, you suck!n
Ryan: What is your problem? [to horse wrangler] Hey, hey, hey, can we turn this back around quickly, please? This is very important to me.n
Wrangler: Turn around. Turn around. Turn around!n
Ryan: Can we turn this [bleep]-ing thing around? Thank you.n
Wrangler: She don't wanna turn around.n
Ryan: Thank you. Kelly, I can't promise you that we'll always stay together. I can't promise you that I'll never cheat on you. Nor should I. Modern marriages aren't built that way. Men aren't built that way. There's a very interesting article I can email to you. But I can tell you this. Even if the odds are fifty-fifty that we'll break up within the week, I wanna roll those dice. I love you, Kelly.n
Kelly: Ryan.n
Ryan: Will you roll those dice with me?n
Kelly: You mean so much to me. But, I love Ravi and I choose him.n
Ryan: No you don't.n
Kelly: I do.n
Ryan: No you don't.n
Kelly: I hope we can still be friends. Can I have a hug?n
Ryan: What? [they hug]n
Kelly: That was really cool. [they make out]n
Angela: Ugh. Eww!n
Jim: Well, it's good to see Kelly's maturing.n
Robert: Look, Andrew, we can discuss the specifics of the job.n
Andy: No.n
Nellie: It's the apology. I really have to insist.n
Andy: [British accent] No.n
Nellie: Stop saying no.n
Andy: No.n
Robert: Andrew, if you say no one more time, you're fired. So... is there anything else you wanna say?n
Andy: I can't describe it. I just, for the first time in a long time, I actually feel in control. I feel... alive.n
Erin: Here- [grabs the box Andy's holding]n
Andy: Ah- da, da, da, da. I got it.n
Erin: But you hurt your hand.n
Andy: I... Got... It.n
Erin: Right now?n
Pam: You're not the least bit curious to hear a poem straight from Ryan's soul?n
Jim: Not at all, can we go?n
Pam: "Kapoor and ka-desperate, he watches."n
Jim: Second line.n
Jim: "And when the Indian Ocean calms, one speck of white remains in waters cold and Kelly green."n
Jim: Uh, Ryan can never know.n</div>]
