Pam: [telephone ringing] This is Pam. Oh my God, are you sure? Uh, okay. Okay, um, wexe2x80x99ll be right there. Everybody, the balloon is falling.n
Jim: Wow. Itxe2x80x99s the end of an era.n
Pam: Did a good job, Buddy. Now itxe2x80x99s time to come home.n
Oscar: I remember when that balloon went up there. I was still with Gil. We were so happy.n
Kevin: When that went up there, I had hair like Rapunzel.n
Ryan: How long do you think itxe2x80x99s been up there, Kevin?n
Kevin: I just remember pushing aside my silky bangs to say, xe2x80x9cLook, a balloon.xe2x80x9dn
Dwight: My warcraft clan was still on speaking terms.n
Meredith: My kid didnxe2x80x99t have a face tattoo.n
Darryl: I was still thinking of going back to school.n
Jim: And I was still just a paper salesman.n
Jim: Hey. So they accidentally gave us an extra egg sandwich this morning. Who wants it?n
Kevin: ooohn
Darryl: Me.n
Phyllis: Yeah.n
Dwight: Right here.n
Nellie: Allow me to solve your problem, then.n
Jim: Nellien
Nellie: Mmm. [bites sandwich] Oh, that is disgusting. Do you call that a King James breakfast pie?n
Jim: What brings you to town?n
Nellie: Certainly not the Harry Houdini Museum. What a nobody. Oh look, some Hungarian just found their way out of a sack. Let's build a shrine. No, I've come to work here.n
Toby: Robert did say you'd be joining us. Welcome. I'm Tony.n
Nellie: Mm.n
Pam: What?n
Toby: I- I said I'm Tony. Okay I made a mistake. I thought it might go unnoticed. But uh, I'm Toby.n
Pam: You messed up saying your name?n
Toby: It happens, okay? Uh, so let's just find an empty desk for you, and uh, I'm sure Robert will be with you as soon as he gets in.n
Nellie: That one looks empty.n
Jim: No, that's Andy's office.n
Erin: Another beautiful day in Tallahassee. Ooh. Good morning, Alonzo.n
Alonzo: Good morning Erin. [driving by delivering newspapers]n
Erin: How are you? How's your family doing?n
Robert: Nellie.n
Nellie: Robert.n
Robert: How are you adjusting to life in Scranton so far?n
Nellie: So far, so good.n
Robert: Good.n
Nellie: Water pressure in the hotel is marvelous.n
Robert: Ah, well, it is astounding what a difference that can make, isn't it?n
Nellie: Mm-hm.n
Robert: Now. Let's find you something fun to do here, shall we?n
Nellie: Oh, I've already found it. I am manager, a natural next step. It fits like a glove.n
Robert: We have a manager.n
Robert: Excuse me, has anyone seen Andy this morning?n
Kevin: Huh. Yeah, that's weird. He's usually here by now. Right guys?n
Andy: [on phone] Hello.n
Robert: Andy, it's Robert. Why aren't you at work?n
Andy: Hey, Robert. Ah, I really wish I could come in to work today, but I'm super sick.n
Robert: I don't care, I don't care. Please come to work immediately.n
Robert: Not much we can do about this until he gets here.n
Jim: Can't you do something about this?n
Robert: Sometimes the flowers arrange themselves, Jim.n
Irene: Erin, you got a package.n
Erin: I'm in the bathroom.n
Glenn: Where's the postage? I mean, there's no shipping label.n
Irene: Did you wash your hands?n
Erin: Yes.n
Erin and Irene: [screaming as Andy busts out of box]n
Andy: [singing] Here I am; Signed, sealed, delivered; I'm yours!n
Andy: Uh, I am here to take you back to Scranton. Because I love you and I want to be with you.n
Irene: Where's the ring?n
Andy: Hm?n
Irene: Where's the ring, Lancelot?n
Erin: Uh, would you guys mind if we talked privately for a second? Sorry, Glenn.n
Erin: Um, Andy... I am so happy to see you. But I'm not coming back with you.n
Glenn: [whispering off screen] Why won't she go with him?n
Irene: [whispering] I don't know. Maybe it's 'cause he's not that handsome.n
Nellie: So no one can tell me what's going on. Well, let me illuminate things for you. We are getting to know each other. [in American accent] But why, m'lady? [in normal voice] Because I am your new manager.n
Pam: Robert, is Nellie our new manager?n
Nellie: I came in here simply trying to get to know you, learn your names, maybe have someone teach me the company song. And what I got in return was nothing but disrespect. You leave me no choice but to get to know you in a more intimate way.n
Kevin: Hot tub party?n
Nellie: Performance reviews.n
Pam: How can you give us performance reviews if you don't know us?n
Glenn: Erin, you really nailed the hot dogs today.n
Erin: Oh, thanks. I've been re-using the hot dog water so it gets more flavor. It's only going to keep getting better.n
Irene: So, Andrew, how does your skinny brunette girlfriend Jessica feel about you visiting your ex-girlfriend?n
Andy: Well, we're not really dating anymore, so... basically, I mean, I just have to cross a few Ts and dot a few I's, you know.n
Erin: So you came to get me, but you still have a girlfriend.n
Irene: I think you should leave, young man.n
Andy: All right. Technically, yes, I am still technically dating Jessica. But when I realized that I wanted you back, I just jumped in the car and I drove down here, and I didn't want to stop until I saw you.n
Jim: Any luck?n
Pam: No. He just keeps letting all the calls go to voicemail.n
Erin: Oh, you're doing so good. Oh my God, you're superman over there. [Andy's phone vibrating]n
Irene: You should take it. It's probably your girlfriend wondering where you are.n
Andy: Nope. It's just work. Not important. You know, I can really feel this is my quads, I can tell I'm getting stronger.n
Irene: You really wouldn't feel those kinds of results after one session.n
Andy: I don't know. [phone vibrating] Just let it vibrate. It's fine.n
Irene: You could put it on silent.n
Andy: I don't think it does that.n
Irene: Just go to preferences, then click xe2x80x93n
Glenn: [answering Andy's phone] Proctology.n
Jim: [on phone] Andy?n
Andy: Jim?n
Jim: Andy, where are you?n
Andy: I- I'm home in bed. I've been in bed all day. I got the-- I got the serious poops, man.n
Irene: He's here in Tallahassee, trying to turn my life upside down.n
Jim: What? You're in Florida? Andy, Nellie Bertram's trying to take your job.n
Andy: What do you mean, take my job?n
Jim: Like, set up camp in your office and is calling herself the manager.n
Jim: Guys, we cannot do these performance reviews, okay? If we go into them, you're basically accepting Nellie as your manager, and trust me, you do not want her as your manager.n
Angela: Trust you? The way Pam trusted you to provide for her so she wouldn't have to work?n
Pam: I like working here.n
Jim: Dwight, should she be our manager?n
Jim: And when was the last time Dwight and I agreed on anything ever? [clears throat]n
Nellie: All right. Let's get going. First up, it is the woman with the beautiful fingernails and the tiny feet, Phyllis.n
Phyllis: Nellie, I'm sorry, but I don't feel comfortable being evaluated by someone I don't know.n
Nellie: Oh. Oh, okay. I understand. Let me show you how these are gonna go. Dwight.n
Dwight: I refuse to be judged by someone that I do not respect. I lost respect for you in Florida. If it was up to me, you would be in jail forever.n
Nellie: Dwight, I have completed your evaluation. You're getting a raise.n
Dwight: What?n
Nellie: Dwight, you carry this company on your massive shoulders. You are our Atlas, and for that do you not think you deserve a raise?n
Dwight: There's no limit to what I think I deserve.n
Nellie: Then you accept it?n
Dwight: Five percent. No less.n
Nellie: Absolutely not. Seven percent.n
Dwight: Six percent, I know my worth.n
Jim: The raise isn't real.n
Dwight: Money isn't real ever since we got off the gold standard.n
Nellie: So Phyllis, now you know the rules of the game. Would you care to have a go? I'm fairly certain you're going to like it.n
Pam: Phyllis.n
Nellie: So, Phyllis, I have been very impressed with you.n
Phyllis: Really?n
Jim: Um... are you aware that Nellie is giving out raises?n
Robert: I am not. Huh.n
Jim: Yeah. She gave one to Dwight, Phyllis.n
Robert: Let me guess, you want one too? Take the family to Disneytown?n
Jim: Land. World. Uh, it's not that I don't want a-- well, yes, I guess I'd take a raise. That's not what I'm saying. That's not-- sorry.n
Robert: Jim, I told Andy to come in, and yet he is still not in. By contrast, Nellie Bertram saw a vacuum and filled it. To make no mention of her business experience or her relationship with Jo Bennett, my boss.n
Jim: Yes.n
Robert: Jim, would you prefer a nature metaphor or a sexual metaphor?n
Jim: Oh, god, nature, please.n
Robert: When two animals are having sex, one of them...n
Jim: [exhales sharply]n
Robert: xe2x80xa6 is communicating a message to the other. Nothing is mutua-- this isn't very helpful. You're gonna want to hear the sexual metaphor.n
Jim: Was that not the--n
Robert: All life is sex. And all sex is competition.n
Jim: Mm-hm.n
Robert: And there are no rules to that game. That wasn't so perverted, now was it?n
Jim: Was that it? No, that wasn't bad.n
Robert: My point is, there is one person in charge of every office in America, and that person is Charles Darwin. In the end, doesn't he decide who the manager is?n
Nellie: Mm, let's see, review, review, review. Yes, good stuff. Here you go, have a raise.n
Jim: I mean, if we go in there and take these raises, what are we saying? That it's okay for someone to just take someone else's job? Shouldn't work like that.n
Dwight: No, you know what? Nellie's right. That is exactly how it should work. Darryl, this office is mine now.n
Darryl: No.n
Dwight: Yes.n
Darryl: No.n
Dwight: Yes.n
Darryl: No.n
Dwight: Yes.n
Darryl: No.n
Dwight: Yes.n
Darryl: No.n
Dwight: Yes. Yes, sorry too late. I'm here. This is mine. Back off.n
Dwight: [Darryl grabbing him by his hair, dragging him from office] Ow! Ow, ow, ow. Ow, ow, ow, Ow.n
Dwight: [panting] Well fought. I accept the outcome.n
Erin: I've heard that's amazing when it works.n
Andy: Yeah, if I had my own--n
Erin: Andy, I care about you and I think--n
Andy: --sorry, you go.n
Erin: No, go ahead.n
Andy: Well, I was just going to say that, if I had my own fountain, it would be two frogs that are spitting into each other's mouth. It's just stupid. What were you going to say?n
Erin: Andy, you broke my heart. Do you know what it feels like to be constantly rejected by you and to have to watch you date someone else?n
Andy: You broke my heart too.n
Erin: You broke my heart more recently and more often. And I think at some point, in my head, it just sort of clicked that we're not meant to be.n
Andy: I'm so sorry that we have not loved each other at the same time.n
Erin: I know.n
Nellie: So, Pamela, I'm going to start this review, not by telling you what you lack, but rather, asking you what it is you want.n
Pam: Really? Okay, well, um, I like consistency in the manager's position, no weird silent coups. Stuff like that. I'm easy.n
Nellie: That's not really what you want. What you want is a good night's sleep, working mother of two.n
Pam: Whoa, that's kind of condescending. Would you say something like that to Jim?n
Nellie: Does Jim have to breastfeed? Did Jim carry around those babies for-- what is it? 12 months? Be honest, does Jim really get up in the night?n
Pam: Well, I mean, the only reason he doesn't is because I'm breastfeeding, and Phillip doesn't like a bottle.n
Nellie: You must be exhausted. Fancy a nap?n
Pam: No.n
Nellie: Go on. Have a nap. Lie down right here. There's a blanket in here. I used it earlier myself. Dreamt I could breathe underwater like Jacques Cousteau. No one will know. I'll wake you up. And when you wake up, you will earn more money.n
Pam: I think... you're a witch.n
Nellie: I think you're amazing. You know that, right? Go on, say it: xe2x80x9cI'm amazing.xe2x80x9dn
Irene: Erin, I think you're making a big mistake right now. Andy is a nice boy.n
Erin: Really? 'cause you've been kind of a B to him all afternoon.n
Irene: I was protecting you because I thought he was no good. But I can tell you really like him. And he's willing to lose his job for you, in this economy with Europe on the brink--n
Erin: Irene, what would you do without me?n
Irene: We're not your concern, sweetheart. Besides, Glenn's going to sue Home Depot.n
Erin: Why?n
Nellie: Jim, time for your review.n
Jim: No, it's not, because you don't really work here.n
Nellie: Why are you so staunchly defending your friend, who has abandoned you? Wouldn't you rather come talk with me? Maybe definitely get a raise?n
Jim: Yeah, that's the thing. I don't know if you can even give raises.n
Nellie: Jim, have you ever heard of a character named Tinkerbell?n
Jim: Yes.n
Nellie: I'm Tinkerbell.n
Jim: No.n
Nellie: Mm-hm. I'm a magical fairy who floated into your office to bring a little bit of magic into your lives, to give you all raises.n
Stanley: And we are grateful.n
Nellie: But here's the thing about Tinkerbell, Jim. Everyone has to believe in her or she doesn't exist.n
Jim: She dies.n
Nellie: She dies! Now who here believes in Tinkerbell?n
Jim: Let's see it. Show of hands.n
Kevin: I do. [applause] Come on everyone...n
Jim: All right, guys, stop.n
Meredith: I already spent the money.n
Jim: How?n
Kevin: Come on Jim, you're killing her!n
All: We believe! We believe!n
Andy: That did not go how I wanted it to. Ugh. I have a whole ton of Erin's favorite food for the drive back, eggplant parm. [tosses it out car window] It's biodegradable. Animals will eat it.n
Erin: Andy wait! [running down street] Andy! Andy wait! Don't go! Andy I love you! Stop! Oh, this is the wrong Prius. I don't love you. Ixe2x80x99m sorry.n
Andy: Erin!n
Erin: Andy. [horns honking as they kiss in the street]n
Erin: Let's get out of here.n
Andy: Okay.n
Erin: Let's go.n
Andy: Wait, we have to go back and get your stuff.n
Erin: No, I don't have any stuff.n
Andy: Like your toothbrush and stuff.n
Erin: I don't have one.n
Andy: You don't have a toothbrush?n
Erin: No.n
Andy: How do you not have a toothbrush?n
Erin: I just... there's always one around.n
Andy: You just use whichever one is sitting there?n
Erin: I always find one. Have you ever heard of buying a toothbrush?n
Nellie: I grew up poor. I had little formal education. No real skills. I don't work especially hard, and most of my ideas are either unoriginal or total crap. And yet, I walked right into a job for which I was ill-prepared, ill-suited, and somebody else already had, and I got it. If you ask me, that's the American dream right there. Anything can happen to anyone. It's just random.n</div>]
