Kevin: [viewing the chore wheel for the first time] Oh, yeah! Can I spin first?n
Pam: Well, it doesnxe2x80x99t spin. Wexe2x80x99ll just move the wheel one notch each morning andxe2x80xa6 you see what chore you get that day.n
Kevin: A wheel is supposed to spin.n
Erin: Yeah, you know, like [motions arm in circles] guh, guh, guh, guh, guh, guh, guhxe2x80xa6 guh.n
Pam: No, Ixe2x80x99m familiar with spinning. Itxe2x80x99s just that wouldnxe2x80x99t work with a chore wheel because people might get the same chore-n
Andy: [interrupting] Bugh, boring. All she talks about is chores.n
Creed: A wheel wants to spin, Pam.n
Jim: [reluctantly] Spinning would be more fun.n
Kevin: [spinning a new xe2x80x98chore wheelxe2x80x99 while everyone claps] Okay, thatxe2x80x99s what Ixe2x80x99m talking about! Big money, big money! [wheel stops on xe2x80x98mug dutyxe2x80x99, disappointed] Mug duty?n
Pam: Yes, you clean all the mugs in the sink.n
Kevin: This sucks.n
Erin: Yeah, seriously, itxe2x80x99s like everything on there is work.n
Pam: I donxe2x80x99t think you guys understand why wexe2x80x99re doing this. Itxe2x80x99s-n
Jim: [at the Halpert residence as Cece twirls in the front yard, exiting front door] Pam, we gotta go. Cece, go back inside. Grandmaxe2x80x99s got breakfast, OK? [to camera] We are going to Royxe2x80x99s wedding. Yep, Roy. I think the only weird thing about going to your wifexe2x80x99s ex-fiancxc3xa9xe2x80x99s wedding on a weekday at eight AM is that itxe2x80x99s your wifexe2x80x99s ex-fiancxc3xa9.n
Pam: [exiting house] Thanks, mom!n
Jim: [to Pam] A banana?n
Pam: Yeah. Ixe2x80x99m afraid hexe2x80x99s only gonna have hot dogs.n
Jim: Oh, come on. Not even Roy will have hot dogs at his wedding.n
Pam: Planned a wedding with him. He wanted hot dogs.n
Erin: [as Pete and Clark enter office] Oh, Pete, youxe2x80x99ve got mail.n
Pete: Really? I got something?n
Erin: Well, itxe2x80x99s addressed to Customer Service so, itxe2x80x99s your mail.n
Clark: Well, you know, Ixe2x80x99m also Customer Service.n
Erin: Yeah, Ixe2x80x99m alternating. [gestures both men]n
Pete: [sarcastically] Yay, another person yelling at me.n
Erin: Well, it could be a nice letter. I write nice letters to companies all the time.n
Pete: Thatxe2x80x99s really nice.n
Clark: [looking down at Erinxe2x80x99s desk] Wow, Newsweek, huh? This electionxe2x80xa6 thing is crazy, right?n
Pete: [referring to the letter] Itxe2x80x99s open.n
Erin: Oh yeah, I accidentally read it. Itxe2x80x99s not a nice letter.n
Nellie: [distributing paperwork to the office] Get excited. The special projects fairy has arrived.n
Roy: [at Royxe2x80x99s wedding] Darryl! Ha-ha! Whatxe2x80x99s happening?n
Darryl: Congratulations, baby!n
Jim: [Jim and Pam approaching the wedding venue] Is this his house?n
Pam: Think so.n
Server: [approaching Jim and Pam] Mimosa?n
Pam: [taking glass] Thank you.n
Server: Would you like me to take your peel?n
Pam: [embarrassed] Yes, thank you. [finishes banana and hands server the peel]n
Jim: OK.n
Pam: [as Jim receives and declines a call] Whoxe2x80x99s that?n
Jim: Uh, my ex-fiancxc3xa9.n
Nellie: With Operation Give Back, you pick the charities Dunder-Mifflin supports.n
Kevin: [grinning] Oh boy! What's happening?n
Nellie: There's four thousand dollars to give away. So, who has filled out their form? Stanley?n
Stanley: American Diabetes Association.n
Angela: Um, you have diabetes, Stanley. [to Nellie] I'm sorry, is the assignment to pick a selfish charity?n
Toby: I w-, uh, I would love to give uh-n
Kevin: [excited] Heifer's International. Listen to this. They give a poor person like, a goat or something. It's a great prank.n
Creed: I wanna work with, uh, Jimmy Carter and help build gnomes.n
Nellie: Dwight, what about you?n
Dwight: I will not be participating as there is no evidence that charity works.n
Andy: Uh, correction, I give to a foundation that teaches homeless children nautical flag signaling. Changes lives.n
Nellie: Thank you, Andy.n
Andy: I'm not doing it for you. I'm doing it for the preservation of nautical flag signaling.n
Nellie: Dwight, you will be participating.n
Dwight: No thank you.n
Nellie: Participation is mandatory; Dwight, but you can choose whatever cause you like.n
Dwight: Fine, I chose the Global Relief Foundation.n
Nellie: Great, thank you.n
Dwight: Which was recently discovered to be a front for the Taliban.n
Nellie: [everyone groans] Oh, for goodness' sake, Dwight.n
Nellie: Dwight, I cannot have the Taliban on the roster of Operation Give Back.n
Jim: [approaches Roy back at the wedding] There he is. Is it almost time to cut the pancake, or what?n
Roy: Aw, yeah, god, we appreciate everyone coming so early. It's, everyone's just been so nice.n
Jim: Thanks for inviting us, by the way-n
Roy: Are you kidding?n
Jim: That was, that was a surprise.n
Roy: Come on. If it wasn't for you, I never would've met Laura. I mean, seriously, kinda dodged a bullet on that one. [sees Jim's reaction] Just kidding.n
Jim: You're welcome.n
Roy: Thanks...aw.n
Jim: By the way, man, this place is... beautiful.n
Roy: Started a gravel company. I mean, who knew it'd take off?n
Jim: Gravel company?n
Roy: Yeah. What about you? What are you doing?n
Jim: Not gravel, obviously. [both chuckle] No, things are good. Things are good. Got some stuff in the works. So-n
Roy: Oh, cool.n
Jim: Yeah, you never know.n
Kenny: Hey bro, stop wasting time with this haircut. [referring to Jim] He's got a fifty-thousand dollar sports car. Cheers.n
Clark: [talking on phone] Duncan, listen, I would love to help you out but where am I gonna find somebody that's pretty, smart and well-informed? Huh? Hold on, hold on. [covers phone's receiver] Erin, do you know anybody that might want... [has realization] Oh my gosh. You love the news, right?n
Erin: Well, it depends. I mean, sometimes I find out things that are really sad.n
Clark: Well, I got a buddy that's a big time local news producer and I can't tell you his name, but it'd blow your mind.n
Pete: Uh, is it Duncan?n
Clark: He's looking for on-air talent and he'd kill me if I didn't get you on tape.n
Erin: You mean, put me on the news?n
Clark: You'll just come over, put on little lipstick, loosen up with a glass of red wine and then we'll just run through a few stories. You know, a couple different ways, with a couple different outfits. It'd be really tasteful and it'd really help me out with Duncan... with my friend. [Erin considers] What do you say? Huh?n
Erin: Maybe, ok? Let me think about it.n
Clark: [Pete looks on disappointed] Ok.n
Erin: Whoo!n
Roy: So, ah, it was a year ago today that I met Laura. I thought she was my waitress and, uh, took her three weeks to tell me that she actually owned the place. You are full of surprises. You are my beautiful mystery girl. And, today, I have a surprise for you. [approaches piano]n
Jim: He plays piano?n
Pam: No. Roy? No.n
Roy: You know how I said I was taking boxing lessons? Actually, I was doing this. Um, so, I hope that you like it. [sits in front of piano]n
Pam: [in the car] We still surprise each other.n
Jim: Definitely.n
Pam: You know, I never did it, but for your 30th birthday I really wanted to surprise you with-n
Jim: Courtside seats. Sixers.n
Pam: Yes. But, what I didn't tell you is that I actually bought the tickets. We only didn't go because it was-n
Jim: It was an away game.n
Pam: In Phoenix. They should really tell you that more specifically. I mean, every game is an away game for one of the teams. [long pause] Do we know everything about each other?n
Jim: No.n
Pam: Tell me one thing about you I don't know.n
Jim: [in the kitchen] Oh, here's one. Did I ever tell you about the time that my brothers videotaped the lottery announcement? And bought the winning numbers the next day? And then, played the tape for me the next week, and I-n
Pam: And you thought you guys were millionaires.n
Jim: You heard that one.n
Pam: Yes. But there's, wait, oh, there's a funny ending to that story. I can't remember.n
Jim: That I thought we were millionaires.n
Pam: Thought you were millionaires, yeah. That's funny. Shoot, I knew that one.n
Jim: That's all right.n
Angela: The senator and I still have mystery. I'm always waiting to see what he's gonna surprise me with next. [Oscar chokes on his coffee]n
Nellie: You support the Taliban abroad. So I assume you're willing to live by their rules here.n
Dwight: Anything else would be inconsistent.n
Nellie: Will you join me then in a pledge to live by Taliban law in this office? [offers Dwight a contract]n
Nellie: [holds up pen as Dwight searches his desk] Looking for this?n
Dwight: What the? [follows Nellie into the break room]n
Nellie: Oh, this is a lovely pen. Ah. But, it's mine now because I stole it.n
Dwight: [taking pen back] Gimme that.n
Nellie: Didn't you sign a contract to live under Taliban law? And now, there's been theft. That means, you're not serious or... someone's getting their hand cut off.n
Dwight: You're insane.n
Nellie: I know. So, it's better that you pick another charity.n
Dwight: Oh, and let your precious Operation Power Grab proceed unchecked? No thank you.n
Nellie: In that case, you... [pulls out a cleaver] will have to chop off my hand.n
Dwight: [considers then takes cleaver] This cleaver appears to need sharpening. I suggest you spend some quality time together just you and your hand. Tie a shoe, toss a salad. Do any of the two hand activities that you'll miss the most.n
Nellie: I tell you what. I need to make three calls. And then after that, you can become a person who chops off people's hands.n
Andy: [in his office] Clark wants to film you in different outfits inside his apartment?n
Andy: [entering annex] Clark, you and I need to have a little chat. What clothes does Erin need for this news audition?n
Clark: Uh... couple of button-downs, a camisole, a blazer, a pencil skirt, stilettos, maybe, no, no, not maybe, definitely open-toed. Uh, something low-cut because the camera makes everything seem higher cut.n
Andy: Really?n
Clark: Yeah, industry secret. You're gonna want some of those panty hose with the seam up the back.n
Pete: Seems unnecessary for an audition.n
Clark: And then, you know, maybe just a robe to wear in between takes but I probably got one she can borrow at my place, so-n
Andy: Thank god someone here knows what their talking about. I want you to take this credit card, take Erin to the mall and get that stuff.n
Clark: I absolutely will do that.n
Andy: Awesome. [to Pete] Plop!n
Oscar: [in kitchen with several people around] Next question for our oldie-weds-n
Kevin: What's the craziest place you've ever made whoopie?n
Angela: [to Kevin] Language.n
Phyllis: Who was Pam's first celebrity crush?n
Oscar: Pam's first celebrity crush.n
Toby: [whispering] John Stamos.n
Jim: Ready?n
Pam: Uh-huh.n
Jim: [as he and Pam flip their cards] John Stamos.n
Angela: Oh!n
Pam: Yes. But John Stamos was temporary. I quickly moved on to-n
Toby: Johnny Depp.n
Pam: Johnny Depp. [everyone looks confused toward Toby]n
Toby: [after awkward pause] Sh, uh, um, I was having this separate conversation with Kevin. Uh, Johnny Depp.n
Kevin: Totally. George Clooney.n
Toby: Uh-huh.n
Angela: OK, I have one. I have one. [Jim's phone rings and he motions he's taking the call elsewhere]n
Kevin: [while Angela tries asking a question] What is the craziest place you've ever made whoopie?n
Darryl: Everyone, we have a voluntary meeting in the conference room to discuss Erin's confidence.n
Andy: [to a full conference room] Erin has an audition to be a newscaster. [general acknowledgement]n
Andy: Uh-huh. And I want her to feel very comfortable in her very sexy skin. So, everybody say something that you like about her body. All right? Darryl.n
Darryl: OK, um, I like Erin's hair. It's a very pretty color.n
Andy: Yeah, right?n
Jim: I'm sorry. This is for a news audition?n
Andy: Yeah.n
Oscar: Then why are we talking about her looks? Why not her credibility? Or her reliability?n
Andy: News flash everyone. The human race finds attractive people more trustworthy.n
Oscar: I'm so sorry, Andy, but for twenty years, the most trusted man in America - Walter Cronkite.n
Meredith: Cronkite was hot. If I could go back in time, I'd take that mustache ride.n
Oscar: Does Erin have any experience? Has she taken any journalism classes, maybe? Or...n
Angela: Has she done the pageant circuit?n
Erin: No, I watch the news.n
Andy: She's gonna be amazing. Look at her. She's gonna light up the screen.n
Erin: This is a first for me. And, I don't get a lot of chances, so I have to take them really seriously. I will do whatever it takes to get the job.n
Clark: [whispering to Pete] Whatever it takes.n
Dwight: [places Nellie's hand on a board and holds up cleaver] This is it. Any questions?n
Nellie: Is it gonna be long?n
Erin: [pretending to read news] Afghan president Hamid Karzai declared a new policy of dollar days throughout the country. Promising low, low prices on all 2012 Kia Sentras and Sonatas. Aren't you glad you waited? Karzai commented.n
Darryl: Um, where did you get that story?n
Erin: A little bit here, a little bit there. I bet you didn't think I knew current events.n
Andy: I love it. It's fantastic. Now, tag it with your name.n
Erin: For Channel 11 news, I'm Erin Hannon.n
Andy: Pause after 'news'.n
Erin: For Channel 11 news... I'm Erin Hannon.n
Andy: No, pause longer.n
Darryl: That was a good one.n
Andy: Pause, pause longer. OK? Builds suspense. Don't be shy.n
Erin: Got it. For Channel 11 news... [very long pause]n
Andy: Wha, it's-n
Erin: I'm Erin Hannon.n
Jim: [as Pam stares at him] I can feel you looking at me.n
Pam: OK. Well, here's something you don't know. A couple of weeks ago-n
Jim: Uh-huh.n
Pam: I ran into this guy from my high school who has just gotten divorced and he hit on me. In the mall. And I didn't tell you because, I don't know, I felt embarrassed. And, I didn't know if you would be mad or worried. But, anyway, I thought you'd want to know.n
Jim: [after a pause] That didn't happen. You would've told me right away.n
Pam: Yeah, I would've. What about you? Come on, there's gotta be something. Between your birth and the last two days, something you just haven't had the chance to tell me.n
Jim: Uh... [looks at Pam]n
Pam: [looks knowingly back] Just tell me.n
Pete: Hey, um, I knew something bothered me and I finally figured it out. What news producers are gonna want to see is how Erin relates to the other people on the news team.n
Erin: Oh.n
Pete: The weird thing is Erin is doing the audition alone.n
Erin: Oh god.n
Pete: Now, I'd say Clark could be your co-host... he's already doing camera.n
Erin: Tuh.n
Dwight: Ha! [raises cleaver] This is for real this time.n
Darryl: It's getting late. I thought you guys could use a little [sets up laptop] inspiration.n
Nellie: [Darryl hits play] Oh, a movie. What is this?n
Darryl: 127 hours. It's about this guy who-n
Dwight: No, no. No spoilers. Please.n
Darryl: My bad.n
Dwight: No.n
Clark: [answers his door to find Erin, Andy and Pete] Hey! Everybody.n
Andy: Yeah.n
Clark: Come in.n
Andy: All right!n
Clark: Come on in.n
Andy: Nice.n
Clark: [to Pete] What're you doing here?n
Erin: [news anchor audition] The victim was released from the hospital with second-degree burns.n
Andy: [also as anchor] Wow. You know what they say Erin. If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen.n
Erin: Well, he tried to but the fire door was blocked.n
Andy: He sure did.n
Clark: All right. We got that. That's a rap, everybody.n
Erin: Aw!n
Andy: Just, you sure Clark?n
Clark: Yep, she's done.n
Andy: No, I just, I don't mean Erin. I mean for me. I didn't feel good about that.n
Clark: No, we got it. We got it.n
Erin: Great! Let's get some food. I'm starving.n
Andy: I don't think we did get it. I could do, uh, a couple more takes. We could do it in close-up. That might even be better for editing.n
Clark: OK, I don't.n
Andy: All right.n
Erin: I'm hungry.n
Andy: Uh, Pete, you wanna take Erin to get a burger or something?n
Pete: Yeah, whatever you say, boss.n
Andy: OK. [to Erin] I'll call you later.n
Erin: OK.n
Dwight: [as he and Nellie watch the movie] Oh god.n
Nellie: That is absolutely revolting!n
Dwight: Yeah.n
Nellie: He is so good, though.n
Dwight: Yes.n
Nellie: The way he just cuts off his arm.n
Dwight: If you like James Franco, we really should watch Rise of the Planet of the Apes.n
Nellie: Well, he's a genius, you know? He was in graduate programs at Yale, Columbia and NYU all at the same time.n
Dwight: Whoopty doo. That doesn't make you a genius.n
Nellie: Well, it doesn't make you stupid.n
Dwight: Yeah, it does, actually. It makes you real stupid.n
Nellie: Stupid like you.n
Dwight: No, like you.n
Nellie: Like you.n
Dwight: You're the stupid one.n
Nellie: You're the stupid one.n
Dwight: You're the stupid one.n
Nellie: You're the stupid one.n
Dwight: You, you, you, you...n</div>]
