Pam: Phyllis has gotten into audio books and lately she's been listening to 50 Shades of Grey.  Which, if you don't know what it is, it's a book about um...n
Clark: It's porn. n
Dwight: [Phyllis rocks her chair into his provocatively] Seriously. Ugh. Ok, this is unacceptable. It's officially a hostile work environment. n
Phyllis: Why?n
Darryl: Somebody just needs to get her attention, tell her it's not OK to do this in public. n
Pam: Be careful. I pulled my mom's dog off a pillow once, and I got bit.n
Meredith: Just ignore her. Sooner or later she'll finish. n
Andy: What?n
Dwight: Phyllis is masturbating. In the office right now as we speak. n
Angela: Can we skip the color commentary and just have Andy go out there and fire her?n
Toby: He- he can't do that.  Turns out she's allowed to have feelings of sexual arousal.  It doesn't become a violation until she physically acts on it. n
Group: No!n
Oscar: Toby, how do you propose that we-n
Andy:Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute. Why is Phyllis so aroused?n
Pam: She's listening to 50 Shades of Grey. n
Andy: Well there you go. That's muy caliente.n
Dwight: OK, you are useless. I'll take care of this. [walks out of Andy's office and dumps water on Phyllis]n
Phyllis: What the hell?!n
Dwight: It's OK guys, she's no longer horny. n
Andy: Excuse me, dirty birdie [takes Phyllis' iPod]n
Phyllis: Wait, what?n
Dwight: Clark, I need your advice. I'm having some lady troubles. n
Clark: What's her name?n
Dwight: Esther Ruger. [Angela makes a face in the background]n
Clark: Sweet.n
Dwight: Lives on the neighboring farm. 85 acres.n
Clark: Oh yeah. Keep talkin'.n
Dwight: Well, we've been out three times, there has been physicality but the thing is we were hanging out with her father the other night looking at a farm catalog, next thing I know he wants to lease a tractor with me. n
Clark: Oh.n
Dwight: [laughs] What do you think?n
Clark: The same thing that you think.n
Dwight: A long term tractor lease is going to put pressure on a relationship. n
Clark: God, one of my buddies is going through the same thing right now. Something in the air. n
Pam: [on phone] Cici has been calling me 'Pamela'. Like four times this week.n
Jim: Oh man. [laughs]n
Pam: I wonder if she'll start calling you 'Jim'.n
Jim: Oh boy, please don't. Let's not let that happen. n
Pam: [laughs] Um.n
Jim: What was I gonna- What was I gonna say?n
Pam: You're- You know your assistant told me that you have a big pitch meeting today. With Ryan Howard. How did that happen?n
Jim: Not that Ryan Howard. Um, the Phillies' first baseman. n
Pam: Oh, oh OK.n
Jim: Yeah, yeah. Exactly. n
Pam: [sighs] Um, Ok. Well?n
Jim: Yeah. So, uh, I'll uh, talk to you later?n
Pam: Yeah, sounds good. Ok.n
Jim: Ok great.n
Pam: Ok.n
Jim: Bye. n
Kevin: [Meredith laughs] What's going on? Oh, did Gangnam Style put out a new song?n
Oscar: There's a promo for the new documentary on the web. n
Phyllis: Play it again. n
Promo Voice: [Music begins, Michael Scott is shown] The boss. [Pam and Dwight are shown in episodes past] The workers. [Ryan and Michael are shown] The lives. [Jim and Pam and Dwight and Angela are shown] The loves. [More flashback clips] The people. The paper. The Office: An American Workplace. Coming soon on WVIA. n
Kevin: [Angela is rewatching the promo and looks nervous about the part with her and Dwight] Did you see this? [lifts monitor in her direction]n
Clark: [Pam smiles as she watches the promo with her and Jim on the roof] Oh my god, is that you and Jim?n
Pam: Uh huh. n
Clark: Jeez, you fell in love with that hair? Really? [laughs] Yikes. That is awful. n
Pam: It wasn't so bad. n
Jim: Hey man, how you doin'? Jim Halpert. n
Ryan Howard: Nice to meet you. Eat Fresh. n
Darryl: Hey, man. Darryl.n
Ryan Howard: Hey there, Ryan. Nice to meet you. Eat Fresh. [to camera] Eat Fresh. n
Dwight: Esther's on her way up. I wonder if she wants a snack. Let's see, I know she likes apples and carrots. n
Angela: I bet she does.  I bet she'll eat them right out of your hand with those big strong teeth. n
Dwight: Did I tell you about her teeth? n
Erin: Hey Dwight, you have some guests. I think they're from the forest where we harvest our paper. n
Dwight: Ah, the Ruger family. Welcome. n
Mr. Ruger: Fine office you have here. Sturdy walls.n
Dwight: Yes. Esther, you look radiant as always. n
Pam: Weird to see how we used to look in those promos. Some of us have changed so much. n
Jim: With our firm, you'll be building equity for long after they've retired your number. n
Darryl: And we all know, baseball does not last forever. n
Ryan Howard: I look at these actors on TV and I think: xe2x80x9cC'mon, I can do that.xe2x80x9dn
Jim: Right? [laughs]n
Ryan Howard: Watch this: Eat Fresh. Now what does that make you think of?n
Darryl: Subway sandwiches.n
Jim: Yep. n
Ryan Howard: How? I didn't say Subway sandwiches. It's called playing the subtext. n
Jim: Wow.n
Ryan Howard: I actually wrote a screenplay, it's called xe2x80x9cThe Big Piecexe2x80x9dn
Jim: Based on his nickname. Like it already. Let me guess, it's autobiographical. n
Ryan Howard: Half biopic and half superhero movie.  A mild mannered professional baseball player, Ryan Howard-n
Jim: OKn
Ryan Howard: -hits a home run into outer space. Ball comes back with space dust on it, which transforms him into: The Big Piece. n
Darryl: The space dust does it.n
Jim: Space dust. n
Darryl: Yeah.n
Ryan Howard: I actually brought a- some copies of my script if you guys wanna read it together.n
Jim: Sure, yeah. [laughs] Hollywood. [Ryan Howard pulls out 3 thick scripts] Alright. n
Darryl: Wow. Yeah, we gonna read it.n
Kevin: Andy, are there documentary groupies?n
Andy: Of course there are!n
Kevin: Of course. n
Toby:  A little ironic that I'm going to be kind of a TV star, because my last Chad Flendermen novel [groups groans] was based on a murdered TV star. The small screen-n
Nellie: Oh, I don't care. n
Oscar: Hey guys, I just found another promo. It's in Danish. I guess it's gonna start airing in Denmark.n
Promo Announcer: [Speaks Danish]n
Kevin: What was that word they said when they showed me xe2x80x9cSkrald mandxe2x80x9d? What's that mean in Danish? Cool guy? [Oscar looks it up]n
Oscar: Dumpster Man. n
Kevin: Cool. Superhero.n
Angela: What about me? xe2x80x9cKlokken tre pigexe2x80x9dn
Oscar: xe2x80x9cThree PM Girlxe2x80x9dn
Angela: What? Why would they...wait a second, wait a second! What was that? [pauses on her and Dwight leaving the warehouse area where they've just had sex] Oh! I didn't know they were filming then! n
Oscar: It looks like the camera man was hiding behind the shelves.n
Phyllis: Wait. So they were filming all the time? Even when we didn't know it?n
Angela: There was much more secret filming than I expected. [laughs] But I am fine with it, I mean it. I am. n
Oscar: Are you kidding me? It's like half the show is secret footage. n
Meredith: I am a very private person. I show 'em when I wanna show 'em. Who wants a taste? [lifts shirt to flash camera] Boob sauce! n
Group: No!n
Oscar: Meredith! n
Angela: Come on!n
Nellie: Oh my god. Do they film us at night when we're sleeping?n
Oscar: Yes, Erin. They film us at night when we're sleeping. Cause that makes great TV!n
Erin: Hey.n
Angela: Oscar. n
Andy: People, relax! We are killing it online. Have you guys checked the comments? SmokeThatSkinwagon says: xe2x80x9cYou guys are killing it!xe2x80x9d I mean, we're internet sensations guys!n
Angela: I think we need to figure out what's going on. I might just take a little walk. n
Stanley: Yes, a little walk sounds like a good idea. [groups moves to warehouse and you can hear Erin whispering something] n
Oscar: Ok everyone, turn off your mikes. n
Angela: We need to know more. Did their shots have sound? What exactly did they get on tape?n
Erin: I sneezed into my hands without using Purell and then dipped into the candy jar.  Did they film that? n
Nellie: My first week here I sneezed directly into the candy jar because I thought I'd get more [Angela and Oscar make disgusted faces] I thought I'd get more screen time than anyone.n
Pete: Ok, Pam. Why don't you visit your buddy, the crew guy that got fired? Find out what they got.n
Pam: Brian?n
Pete: Yeah.n
Pam: Yeah, I guess I could. n
Stanley: Hurry Pam, I need to know how much hellfire is going to rain down on me. n
Phyllis: I thought Terry knew about Cynthia? n
Stanley: She does. But neither of them know about Lydia. n
Group: Oh!n
Clark: Whoa! Whoa! OK, so what's this lever do?n
Ruger Sister 1: That manipulates the secondary shaft. n
Clark: Oh, the secondary shaft. Eeeh, oooga! [laughs]n
Salesmen: The lift capacity's up at two thousand pounds. That's a lot of beets.n
Mr. Ruger: Let's talk terms. If you agree to a forty sixty split on this tractor, I'll store it in one of my barns. n
Dwight: Mr. Ruger, are you trying to take advantage of me because I'm interested in your daughter? Fifty fifty split or no deal. n
Mr. Ruger: Esther, get in the truck. n
Dwight: Ok ok ok, wait! You win. [shakes hands]n
Ruger Sister 2: We should buy an auger together. n
Clark: Oh, yeah. Yeah.n
Dwight: Security deposit. That's been-n
Mr. Ruger: Standard.n
Dwight: Right, standard. n
Clark: Hey, can I talk to you for one second?n
Dwight: No.n
Clark: One second. n
Dwight: No. n
Clark: One second.n
Dwight: I am closing a deal on a tractor with the father of a woman I plan to inseminate. n
Clark: Don't do it. [takes Dwight's pen] n
Dwight: What? Don't you cap that pen. Do not cap that pen! Do not! Ugh! You capped it. Wow. You are serious. Ok, you've got two minutes and then the cap comes off. n
Clark: Dude, we're being conned. n
Dwight: Go on. n
Clark: These chicks are way too hot to be into us.  Esther's just pretending to like you so that you'll buy her daddy a new tractor. n
Dwight: No.n
Clark: Yes. Her sister's trying to seduce me into buying an auger with her. n
Dwight: What? Has the warranty expired on the auger you have now?n
Clark: I don't even know what an auger is!n
Dwight: No woman would ever want a man who doesn't know what an auger is. n
Mr. Ruger: Hey, you ready to sign?n
Brian: Oh, hey!n
Pam: Hey!n
Brian: Hi. [laughs]n
Pam: Hi, um. I'm sorry, do you have a minute? Is this a bad time?n
Brian: No, no, please, yeah, come on in. It's good to see you. Sorry, my place is usually not this-n
Pam: Oh my gosh, please, don't. n
Brian: Yeah, no, I- actually it's always like this. [laughs] Do you want to go outside? It's a little less cluttered out there. n
Pam: Sure, yeah. Yeah. n
Brian: Let me grab a couple drinks. n
Pam: OK. [Goes out onto terrace] Oh wow, you have a nice view. n
Brian: Alright, that's for you. [hands her beer]n
Pam: Oh, thank you. n
Brian: Cheers.n
Angela: [Plays boom box to drown out sound] Alright, how much have you revealed on camera about your relationship with the senator?n
Oscar: They caught us kissing on Halloween.n
Angela: Oh! He was dressed like Ronald Reagan! [Slaps Oscar]n
Oscar: Oh!n
Angela: God!n
Oscar: Angela! Well he kissed like Jack Kennedy! n
Angela: Oh! [slaps him again] Stop it! Stop kissing him! Someone needs to call and warn him. This could ruin his career. n
Oscar: Well, I don't like giving him bad news. n
Angela: Call him!n
Oscar: You call him! n
Angela: Call him! [hits Oscar]n
Oscar: Stop hitting me!n
Angela: Call him! Call him! n
Brian: So...n
Pam: So..n
Brian: What brings you by?n
Pam: Well, the promo for the documentary aired today. n
Brian: Oh yeah, that's right.n
Pam: Yeah. It's kinda crazy.n
Brian: Yeah, it is. n
Pam: See all this like old stuff, like um, there's that shot of Jim and I up on the roof?n
Brian: Oh yeah, that was, that was a good moment. n
Pam: Yeah, wasn't that neat? n
Brian: Yeah, it was cool. n
Pam: Yeah, and there's this one when we were listening to music and it's like, it's like w were in love and we didn't even know we were in love and it's...but- Do you think Jim's changed?n
Brian: Um...n
Pam: I'm sorry. Did that? That was out of the blue-n
Brian: No no, it's-n
Pam: I just mean because you know us and you like observed us for ten years and I feel like he's- I just feel like...he's so into his work right now and....I don't know, am I crazy?n
Brian: No, you're not crazy. n
Pam: Well, I wish that made me feel better. Listen, so everybody saw the promos and they're kinda freaking out. [Brian laughs] Cause it seems like you got a lot of private stuff on camera-n
Brian: Yeah. n
Pam: You know, stuff people didn't intend for everyone to see. And they kinda want to know how much. n
Brian: They want to know how much what?n
Pam: How much stuff you got. n
Brian: Pretty much everything. n
Pam: Well yeah, but what if we turned our mike packs?n
Brian: They've got parabolic mikes, they can pick you up a hundred yards away, so...no if you were around there, they got you. n
Pam: So we basically had no privacy for ten years. n
Brian: That's not really true, I mean-n
Pam: Um...yeah, I gotta, I gotta go. n
Brian: Oh no, hang on a second. Pam, I'm sorry, I- I- I can explain this so much better.n
Pam: No I think you explained it. n
Jim: xe2x80x9cTogether we will win this baseball game against the evil space Yankees. Eat Fresh.xe2x80x9dn
Ryan Howard: That'll pay for the exploding helicopter. n
Jim: Smart. n
Ryan Howard: xe2x80x9cSuddenly, the evil thugs break in to the stadium.  The Big Piece hits baseballs at the evil thugs.xe2x80x9dn
Jim: xe2x80x9cBuy me some peanuts and cracker jacks.xe2x80x9dn
Ryan Howard: Come on man, sell it! n
Darryl: Yeah, Jim. n
Jim: [louder] xe2x80x9cBuy me some peanuts and cracker jacks!xe2x80x9dn
Ryan Howard: Yeah, that's better. A bunch of hot women go: xe2x80x9cOh yeah!xe2x80x9dn
Jim: xe2x80x9cMegan, I was too shy to tell you this when I was just a normal professional baseball player, but I love you.xe2x80x9dn
Ryan Howard: xe2x80x9cThey kiss. It is super emotional. Like in Toy Story.xe2x80x9dn
Jim: Wow. I tell you what, it's really strong. I can't wait to read the rest of it later and see how it ends. n
Darryl: It's so strong. n
Ryan Howard: Keep reading then. n
Jim: xe2x80x9cGotta go! Darth Vader's launching a huge attack.xe2x80x9dn
Ryan Howard: Um another thing. I'm gonna need you to get me the rights to Darth Vader. n
Jim: I don't know how we'd go about doing that. n
Darryl: We can look into it.n
Jim: We'll look into it. n
Ryan Howard: We need Darth. n
Jim: We gotta get him.n
Darryl: We'll go after Darth then. n
Jim: We're gonna go get him. n
Darryl: That's what we gotta do.n
Dwight: Maybe you're right. Esther's a ten and the best I've ever done is Angela who's a nine and she rejected me. n
Clark: A Scranton nine, but yeah, point taken. Hey, let's go out tonight and just score a couple fours huh? I mean there are no games with fours. n
Dwight: Who needs a new tractor anyway? Maybe we're the kinda guys who end up with a tractor that's already been rode hard and put away muddy. n
Clark: Screw new tractors. Guys like us, we gotta plant our seed a different way. n
Dwight: By hand. n
Esther: Dwight, we need to talk. n
Dwight: I don't know that there's anything left for us to talk about, Esther. n
Esther: Look, we're gonna have the tractor for the same amount of work days but my dad is planning on leasing it to the Vanderkirk brothers on the weekends. n
Dwight: No.n
Esther: So you're going to be paying more, but he's putting on ten times the miles and he's pocketing a profit behind your back. n
Dwight: That snake! n
Esther: You need to tell him you want a deal based on miles or he can just stick that tractor where the sun don't shine. n
Dwight: That shady grove out by Willard's pond. n
Esther: Mmhm.n
Dwight: So, you're fine with me not leasing the tractor? I mean, our courtship can proceed?n
Esther: Of course. [laughs] You didn't just think I was tractor bait, did you?n
Dwight: [laughs] No! n
Clark: Hey Dwight, what's an auger used for? n
Dwight: Post hole digging. [points and laughs with Esther]n
Senator: [On speakerphone] You've reached Senator Robert Lipton, please leave a message. [beep]n
Angela &amp; Oscar: Hi honey!n
Oscar: Oh you?n
Angela: No you go. Hi honey! n
Oscar: Hey, Hey Robert!n
Angela: It's Angela and Oscar.  n
Oscar: Hey.n
Angela: Just a few quick things.n
Oscar: Um the documentary's going to be airing soon, and, and you look great in the promos. n
Angela: Oh you look so handsome! Very presidential.n
Oscar: Very much so.n
Angela: Yeah.n
Oscar: Absolutely.n
Angela: Yeah!n
Oscar: Hey, I get the sense you're gonna be outed as gay.n
Angela: Yes and I cheated on you with Dwight, it looks like they got it on film. I didn't tell you about it.n
Oscar: I think that's it!n
Angela: I think we're good.n
Oscar: Done!n
Angela: Bye!n
Oscar: Ok!n
Andy: [on video] Hey! TexasPoonTappa and JasonJasonJason and all the rest of you haters out there! Check this out. [plays banjo, screen types out xe2x80x9cyou suck my nutzxe2x80x9d from TexasPoonTappa, camera zooms out to reveal Nellie]n
Nellie: Good night Andy.n
Promo Announcer: [Speaks Danish]n
Pam: I hope you got sound on everything. I'd love a DVD of that. [at computer opens translator. Types in xe2x80x9cElskerexe2x80x9d which comes back as xe2x80x9cloversxe2x80x9d Pam smiles]n</div>]
